it's really aggressive to blast obnoxious "entertainment" in your guests' faces &amp; they have little recourse
and it's a really big bad thing about it
seriously would pay a flight for seats that didn't have this playing. it's really the only bad thing about flying va
sfo-pdx schedule is still mia.
i flew from nyc to sfo last week and couldn't fully sit in my seat due to two large gentleman on either side of me. help!
why are your first fares in may over three times more than other carriers when all seats are available to select???
status match program. i applied and it's been three weeks. called and emailed with no response.
what happened ur vegan food options?! at least say on ur site so i know i won't be able eat anything for next hrs fail
amazing to me that we can't get any cold air from the vents. vx noair worstflightever roasted sfotobos
help, left expensive headphones on flight iad to lax today. seat a. no one answering l&amp;f number at lax!
awaiting my return phone call, just would prefer to use your online self-service option :(
your chat support is not working on your site:
hey, first time flyer next week excited! but i'm having a hard time getting my flights added to my elevate account. help?
hi! i'm so excited about your lga-&gt;dal deal- but i've been trying book since last week &amp; the page never loads. thx!
i called a weeks ago about adding flights from to my elevate...they still haven't shown up...help!
heyyyy guyyyys.. been trying to get through for an hour. can someone call me please?
hi, virgin! i'm on hold for minutes -- are there any earlier flights from la to nyc tonight; earlier than pm?
everything was fine until you lost my bag
your airline is awesome but your lax loft needs to step up its game. for dirty tables and floors?
what is going on with customer service? is there anyway to speak to a human asap? thank you.
why can't you supp the biz traveler like and have customer service like neverflyvirginforbusiness
you're the best!! whenever i (begrudgingly) use any other airline i'm delayed and late flight :(
i have no interesting flying with you after this. i will cancelled flight my next four flights i planned.neverflyvirginforbusiness
it was a disappointing experience which will be shared with every business traveler i meet. neverflyvirgin
why is the site down? when will it be back up?
i like the tv and interesting video just disappointed in cancelled flightled flight when other flights went out to jfk on saturday
just landed in lax, an hour after i should of been here. your no late flight bag check is not business travel friendly nomorevirgin
is it me, or is your website down? btw, your new website isn't a great user experience. time for another redesign.
i can't check in or add a bag. your website isn't working. i've tried both desktop and mobile
let scanned in passengers leave the plane than told someone to remove their bag from st class bin? uncomfortable
what is your phone number. i can't find who to call about a flight reservation.
is anyone doing anything there today? website is useless and no one is answering the phone.
why must a traveler miss a flight to late flight check a bag? i missed my morning appointments and you lost my business. sfo lax
how's a direct flight fll-&gt;sfo have unexpected layover in vegas fuel yet peeps next to me bought for vegas flight. sneaky
your no late flight bag check just lost you my business. i missed flight and am apt. three other people on flight had same exp.
called your service line and was hung up on. this is awesome. sarcasm
your site is tripping. i'm trying to check in and i'm getting the plain text version. i am reluctant to enter any card info.
should i be concerned that i am about to fly on a plane that needs to be delayed due to a "tech stop"?
use another browser! &amp; a brand with a reputation built on tech response doesn't have a cross-browser compatible website?
and now the flight flight booking problems site is totally down. folks, what is the problem?
i like the customer service but a min delay just for connecting passengers seems too long. va
i need to change my flight thats scheduled in hours and min wait time on phone. im calling intern. help!!
you are failing your customers because your check in process does not link to tsa pre-check.
us too! terrible airline! just gave us a hotel hotline number and said sorry
your assistance yesterday when u cancelled flightled our flight was to give us a hotel hotline shame on you!
another delayed flight? likingyoulessandless
i need to register a service dog for a first class ticket from sfo &gt; dulles. the phone queue is an hour or longer. pls advise
why can't we book seats on your flights when we buy them or even during check in? creates so much anxiety! frustrated
you'd think paying an extra bucks for luggage might afford you hiring an extra hand at lame
please provide status for flight i cant imagine it's on time as the web indicates dude to weather here and or dallas
i paid the premium to fly you across the country, you cancelled flight my flight and offer no check fee or upgrade love? sad face :(
question: is it not possible to book a seat for an infant under it's not giving me the option but we want a seat for him.
.AT_USER i don't understand why you need a dm to give me an answer on if you have a damaged luggage policy.
.AT_USER does that mean you don't have a policy for destroyed luggage?
having problems flight booking problems on the web site. keeps giving me an error and to contact by phone. phone is minute wait.
how do i reschedule my cancelled flightled flights online? the change button is greyed out!
i rang, but there is a wait for minutes!! i can book the same ticket through a vendor, fix your site
got a flight (we were told) for today..,checked my email and its for tomorrow. this is unacceptable.
our flight into lga was cancelled flighted. we're stuck in dallas. i called to reschedule, told i could get a flight for today...(
why don't any of the pairings include red wine?! only white is offered :( redwineisbetter
is the website down?
your site seems a little wonked right now. may want to have a look. tried on two browsers. no css?
i'm disappointed that the agent at the designated silver status check in line closed to assist all pasengers
is it normal to receive no reply from central baggage baggageissues smh
at logan airport and waiting to checkin for my am flight. checkin desk not open !!!!! why?!
congrats, you just got all my business from ewr to sfo lax. fuck you fl sfo ewr was the clincher...
i applied over weeks ago. haven't heard back and i'm flying this week disappointed
too many apologies! you r the worse airlines! don't even respond to your cudtomers
shame on va for making people spend money in stranded cities when other airlines are landing at jfk! who will reimburse me?
too bad you say it takes to days via your confirmation email. when i inquired after weeks you claim to weeks!
flight from bos &gt; las tomorrow was cancelled flightled. no notification; wait times are hour. will you rebook on another airline?
a lot of "apologies" being thrown out to customers from what i can see.very sad. thanks for nothing. worst airline ever.
for all my flight stuff wrong and did nothing about it. had worst flight ever
trying to book a flight with you guys and your website won't let me... about to lose my business
you suck!
just dm'd. same issue persisting.
because we never rec'd cancelled flightlation notice we were left w no options to fly out of ps. driving to la for a red eye mon w kids
you have any flights flying into boston tomorrow? i need to be home and you cancelled flightled my flight and didn't do anything
you stink. flight cancelled flighted from psp to jfk and no notification or ability to rebook disappointed. expected better
your website is down and i'm trying to check in!
seats in row don't recline should mention that on your website soreback
flight delayed hours in la due to mechanical problems. handle like pros but you could have tossed us a free drink.
you guys charged me to reschedule a flight that was then cancelled flighted and are now refusing to refund it. what's the deal?
your mobile site is broken, shows "{{header.elevateuser.numofpointsavailable number}} points", won't let me checkin
i was really looking forward to my flight. can you let me know when it will be rescheduled? diehardvirgin
why cancelled flight flight vx one sec its delayed, on my to airport, the next its cancelled flightled?gonna email or call me to reschedule?
i did it but there was a problem in the link from the email for check-in. thanks
had to change to another airline to get to dc today ... why is able to land in dc but not you? cost me ...ugh
i was so looking forward to my first flight with you today but it was cancelled flightled along with the subsequent one ...
how are you gonna have a deal from dallas to dc but no deal from dc to dallas? sad
hold times at call center are a bit much
site down? help
trying to reset my password, email never arrives. help?
what is the reason for the delay of the departure of vx from jfk this afternoon?
is todays flight from palm springs, ca to jfk in ny cancelled flightled?
the css on your site is a right now, please fix. site unusable.
we're on flight vegas to boston today, checked in online but our bag count didn't register. can i fix that somehow?
hi, i'm trying to do check-in but the website is not working. i tried different browsers and the problem continues
the passenger in d, flt that assaulted me shouldn't have flown. i trust he's banned. crew filed report to
luggage was severely dented missing wheel coming off baggage claim in san. luggage agent miranda (i think) wasn't any help.
wtf i paid for direct flight on purpose not to have to stop for fuel exhausted frequent flier and nothing for inconvenience!
there is something wrong with you website in safari iphone
already checked in so the page expired :x
boo for a not refunding a seat upgrade fee i did not want to buy in the first place!
already contacted central baggage &amp; sent dm. is charging me for the dress that was in the lost suitcase help
is there anything going on with the website? i've been getting a lot of errors past minutes.
i have just checked in flight to sfo from lax &amp; been told as atlantic flying club gold i get no benefits?!
husband and i ordered three drinks via my screen and they never came. awesome!
soooo are you guys going to leave the seatbelt light on all flight? you can barely call this turbulence :-)
funny story, your website is broken, you have missing javascript and stylesheets on the checkin process. i dislike this!
i'm trying to check into my am ct flight tmm on the desktop website and it's not working (some sort of caching bug) sos
do you guys know your check-in links from emails are broken?
lost my luggage days ago on flight vx from lax to iad &amp; i'm calling every day, no response.please give me back my stuff
the flight booking problems section of your website seems to be broken on chrome. might wanna look into that.
looks like a broken link for your assets
the manage itinerary section of your website seems to be broken for me
can't check in, your site looks like this every time it loads
other carriers are less than half price for a round trip fare. i am stunned.
wtf is happening in pdx late flight march such that one way from sfo is ~$
my luggage is gone. i've filed my paperwork, promised a call email. still no resolution or response from central luggage.
i requested a mileage challenge for status several weeks ago online but haven't heard back. how do i get help with this?
just trying to book tickets to nyc and facing super fun broken styling. don't worry, i'll keep trying :)
trying to check-in...but looks like your site is down?
spending my birthday night with you, dal-dca. get me home!
sent a couple messages to the email you provided but to no avail. will try again next year. cheers.
seriously, though. will there not be direct flights from sfo-fll in may???
it's fine. already done with my purchase. but you should try it. just go most of the way through then go back
not really the experience i was hoping i ws forced check in a small carry on, w nothing but empty cabin space on board
wjere is our luggage so slow at lax
i spoke with a representative that offered no solution, i am a loyal customer who flies on as well
i am deeply disappointed that your birthday promo was not applied to a trip i booked mere days before i received the email
what happened to direct flights from sfo-fll? looking in may, only see connecting help dontdothistome
i have d and d embossed badges and patches superior to the ones you are currently using.
on vx from jfk to la dirty plane not up to your standards.
on flight vx headed to la from jfk dirtiest va plane i have ever been on. sad for a great airline.
your avis rental continue button doesn't work on your website to book car. tried times on phone. this sucks!
delayed to !!
currently in minute of being on hold with cust. service. do i need to do anything to add a lap child to my reservation?
comenity bank is a joke! please change. nothing but constant problems with this bank
i'm pulling my hair out trying to book a flight with u. your site doesn't work on iphone or ipad.don't have a computer help
can i get some help with a support ticket? it's been days.... incident: thank you!
i cannot even open my laptop in seat c and i paid a premium for this?!! let me out of here!
i am in seat c and i cannot even open my laptop; and i paid extra for this seat!!
fyi the infoAT_USER email address you say to contact in password reset emails doesn't exist. emails bounce.
status match weeks have gone by and no news.flt next week hope flt will count towards requirement. cust svc no help!!!
your website sucks donkey dicks. just thought you should know. all best.
all crap channels which is why i pay to watch uk tv
how come you don't have an iphone app? still using and making me waste paper.
your back of seat entertainment system does not accept credit cards that have an apostrophe in the surname. apostrophefail
when will vx use all lga slots instead of today? adding aus makes this less likely :(
sad to learn you no longer fly sfo &gt; phl. hope it returns!
kinda sucked my earphone jack didn't work on my flight. they may want to look into that for future passengers
very poor experience. first computer problem now seat malfunction. stuck. missing meeting in san diego.
i tried that. you offered to charge me an additional k for a new ticket or be stranded until thurs. st time, last time.
never had a bad experience before, but this one took the cake. now extortion for carry on items as well?
had to spend hours worrying that items in carryon would be broken stolen since i couldn't carry them on plane or lock bag.
all of group e was told there was no more room in the bins. when i got on the plane, was room for at least bags in my row!
thanks for making my flight from lax to jfk a nightmare by forcing me to check my carry on bag at the gate.
i have lots of flights to book and your site it not working!!!! i've been on the phone waiting for over minutes..........
why is it taking years to fly home to dallas? get your shit together.
man of steel flies to more cities though...and with more frequency too.
started my flight with a scolding for using an overhead bin that was then offered to the person seated next to me.
while other airlines weren't cancelled flighting flights into bos, and helping their customers get home, virgin was saying good luck!
grouping virgin in with the others now. bos weather has exposed their actual cus serv model. never flight booking problems with virgin again!
as one of the travelers affected by the boston storm, i'm shocked at virgin's complete apathy toward their customers.
umm so no reason as to why this is? is there someone different i should contact (or contact me) to get a definitive answer?
my flight scheduled for pm departure still says on time but no plane at gate. any update on how long of a delay?
still no refund or word via dm. please resolve this issue as your cancelled flightled flight was useless to my assistant's trip.
delayed due to lack of crew and now delayed again because there's a long line for deicing... still need to improve service united
your eri-ord express connections are hugely popular .. now if only we could have an eri-ewr hop! :)
you think you boarded flight au too early? i think so.
gate agent hooked me up with alternate flights. if you have a way to prevent the constant issues, that would rock.
is the worst. nonrefundable first class tickets? oh because when you select global fc their system auto selects economy w upgrade.
so i can buy tix days before flight but can't transfer the tix. flawed security logic. flawed customer service
i did start a claim but weeks is unrealistic, am i really supposed to go that long with out a car seat for my child.ridiculous!
if the car seat is lost should just reimburse me for a new one, this is not a pair of shoes, it's a necessity for my child
that totally sucks my cousin worked at phl said
beginning of feb i called united they said they would send another voucher by mail. never got anything. tiredofwaiting
the internet is a great thing. i am emailing executives in your company, maybe they will respond to me in a timely manner.
i flew back w other company since united didnt have an earlier flight
i am trying to book awards for september and need flights on but they will not show even w many award seats availab
i sure did. i had to drive a total of hours to get my own bag. i'd like to explain that debacle but no one wants to talk to me.
see? we were told repeatedly that the pilot was late flight and kept getting late flightr. after we boarded, there was a defibrillator issue.
why no preferred security line anymore. my tsa pre-check didn't pull on my partner flight! platinum spoiled
newarkliberty airport need to indicate different gate's for terminals a&amp;c. flyingainteasy
yes please! i am newly married and trying to update my last name on a preexisting international flight! it seems so easy, but...
how does united refuse to reissue a lost voucher when their plane didn't take off due to mechanics? badcustomerservice
also during the run i was instructed to do, i shattered my computer.
yes, we've been with the agents for the last minutes. one of the agents have been very rude, but thankfully ladan has been nice.
iah to charlotte. baggage claim rep latrice h. customerservice non existent, ignored customer then inappropriately touched customer
i would have loved to respond to your website until i saw the really long form. in business the new seats are bad
a refund and flight vouchers or another flight on a different airline at your expense for today. hour drive is very inconvenient
then why have i not received my call back its been days...it's an infant car seat how am i supposed to go anywhere with my child
well sitting on the ground 'on time' but waiting for a gate....again tiredofthis
no, i need you guys to not over book planes. it's not a concern, i'll just travel with someone else moving forward.
a measly e-certificate is not how you appreciate loyal customers after they wait hrs on the tarmac during ua unacceptable
when will email address username sign-on be available? it's been a while.
rude rude
why can't i get a boarding pass for my austrian airlines codeshare flight. rebook incls a hour layover &amp; i am stuck outside sec
..i received on other flights. united truly breaks guitars. unitedbreaksguitars wantmymoneyback
just flew to telaviv paid from a third suitcase which didn't even make it on the plane! besides for the impolite service...
my bag is still in colo springs. i am disabled and have to search an unfamiliar airport and look for my bag. not a good outcome
shame that there's no flex to tickets transfer rules. even calling from neurosurgery icu isn't enough!
no. denver said they don't handle baggage that made it to colo. springs. they gave me an number to call. no help there either.
you guys need some serious training in customer service. too many better options to put up with the way you guys handle ur mistakes
once he found out we had a problem he avoided me like the plague. was told "we can't find a supervisor."
zcc u cancelled flight flight h in advance??? need connect flight reschedule so the link isn't helping. help!? gf waited months to see me.
i will not be flying you again
in addition, my first flight was delayed an hour and i'm arriving at my destination hrs late flight.
our travel booked thru united group dept. okc ticket agent less than willing to help with our connection in lax.
v upset with your disability "services". when i told one of your employees i was carrying medical equipment she was very rude.
thnx for quick reply but don't think you can assist. our intl grp will be put to considerable inconvenience today.
wont transfer flight ticket to accompany an yr old who's active military mom had to have emergency brain surgery? wow!!
weeks late flightr and i still have not received my miles from the mileageplus gift card starbucks card i handed over!!!
as a k, i'm always hoping for improvement.
not yet. i complained about the guy who checked my luggage in as he was throwing the bags around. unfortunate coincidence i hope?
okc ticket agent roger mclarren(sp?) less than helpful with our intl group travel problems can't find a supervisor for help.
mobile apps need construction from the ground up for each os category. it's expensive to get right
another fail for the united ticket agents in okc. less than helpful and could care less about our problems. american here we come.
silly i'm flying delta today. your united club staff and attendants are surly and unhelpful and always seem bothered by pesky folk
what is your phone number. i can't find who to call about a flight reservation.
well, you can't fix me missing my buddies th bday because of negligence but you can attempt to make up for it.
why am i to believe they will help when customer service couldn't? like i said, i want a number to someone who can fix what you did.
they helped me at the baggage service desk. said bc tsa screening was down in fll not all bags made it but bag will be in ewr
mobile boarding pass disappeared from phone while standing in line to board. second time this week... hmm.
had to explain to a very over eager flight attendant trying to ask about my vision that my was not a guide dog!
what's the point of asking for details about a servicedog when you book if your flight crew doesn't read them? (continued)
i tried but no one was available in bogota and everyone was rude in houston. i was stuck for hours because of you guys
worst unitedflightsever ua las to iad mechanical problems again took off had to land for fix delayed again wtfodds!
what's going on with ua outbound flight last thurs was delayed hrs how long will this delay be? worst unitedflightsever
worst unitedflightsever ua iad to las mechanical problems switched aircraft delayed hours!
crashed trying to check in.
on to logan boarding gong show due to lax carry on enforcement. bins full of coats no room for bags. u need a better system!
blackmailed me into paying â£ extra or having my return ticket nullified in san francisco airport. terrible service from rep scam
ua still waiting! supposed to depart
it was credit from my last trip that never came in the mail!
ok it's now been months waiting to hear from airline. i gave them quite a bit more than the days requested! terrible service
does this process ever end? still waiting for the reply since months pathetic customerservice
what's going on with your website? i'm flight booking problems three tickets today and i've been booted off the system umpteen times.
how do i get my account number if your website says email is unavailable?
i received bag last night, i am still missing the other one.
you'll need to upgrade the seats too, even in economy plus it's like sitting on a concrete bench.
nd flight also delayed no pilots! but they boarded is so we can just sit here! scheduling
but it's hard to stay upset at someone when they at least try to show remorse.
by the way, a simple apology goes a long way, even if it's a hollow one. it's obvious that you don't care about me or my well-being,
this isn't a one time thing either! it's a shocking pattern of repeated neglect and disrespect.
fingers crossed &amp; its all intact. very disappointed with this experience as before this we were actually saying we enjoyed using you
it's an incredibly easy fix, but you would rather stay in your comfort zone, while i get forced out of mine.
ours in july. you have zero excuses for this. you have an out-of-date system that causes problems like this.
everyone around us is sitting with their friends and family members. they booked their tickets in october and december. we bought
not sure what you are talking about. she is going on nonstop flights. sna to sfo and then sfo to ewr.
.AT_USER it will be because i'm moving to because of talk, no service
i asked a legitimate question about systemwide vs. localized problems, and got back an unrelate flightd copy paste. you can do better.
what time? who can i call. i need my skis. i will go to the airport and get them. no more faith in united.
i see you guys are at it again. amazing how one company continually makes mistakes yet fails to be held accountable for their error
yeah sorry but there's always a problem with united. and you have an international reputation for having problems.
but then again, maybe the would care more to hear what went on than whoever listens to issues you caused
i wonder if sharing all this on fb and insta would produce a number. characters really limits my story telling.
so you're telling me there is no number to call after being left in an airport because of a negligent pilot and staff?
could this email be resent as it doesnt appear to have arrived.
you have to follow me in order for me to dm...come on now
united coupon to make up for broken entertainment system on a -hour flight, seriously? ridiculousness learncustomerservice
so they didn't drop my bag overnight &amp; now i'm leaving for a week. this is why you were supposed to hold on to the bag....
i did dm the details but still no response. i have to book today.
not able to dm you my confirmation number
i've sent the message, let me know if you got it. i'm not very twitter-literate. also, is he really going to be stuck for hrs?
very unhappy at no response to complaint emailed on nd feb ref. awful customer service!
we were not given the option of using our united travelbank in a recent flight booking problems! any help in using or recouping these funds? thanks!
common!! keep your paper work ready and don't delay our flights(# )and meetings
yep that's correct, i got an email at am that the flight was cancelled flightled, doesn't matter now flight into atl is delayed, thx
k and had problem getting out of fll to iah sent dm to you about making my connection please let me know
i'm grounded in montreal with ua i am missing my connection ua to st. louis. can you help,do you have a private jet for me?
i'm so frustrated and nervous because of this.
are the ones who make it difficult for me.
i'm not a child. i'm someone who has an issue with flying and prepares ahead of time to reduce the distress caused by planes. you
how does it get cancelled flightled hours before take off?
this always happens with you guys, and it makes traveling incredibly stressful and uncomfortable. is that good business to you?
so what does someone with severe anxiety do when the one person who can help him isn't next to him?
i'm seeking to go client. b c u cant get me there i need refund. i filled out form not confident it works if past is an indication
luckily i made my flights this time but was so disappointed with the lack of communication :(
checking to see why flight (atl-ord) got cancelled flighted?
service so far has been horrid. we wanted to end the trip on a high note. guess that's not an option.
booked a flight home over months ago and requested seats together for my fiancã©e and i. we got middle seats. unacceptable. the
you guys are horrible.
why do i have to pay for wifi with an international business ticket? pennypincher
ok. to top things off, you've lost my luggage. could you get any worse??? unitedairlines
and my luggage has been broken!! youcouldntmakethis up brokenwheel
maybe one day you'll be the one quoted on
flight delayed-no one remembered to turn the heat on flight leaving ord-seriously???
to speak to a real person to get this resolved politely and efficiently.
i hadn't filed a refund claim as i was told there was no charge by your dm. this is disputed by my bank, hence why i would like(
did bags make it on the flight out of iad? second day without clothes is pretty inconvenient. we're pretty curious unitedairlines
hence why i've been asking for the customer service phone number so i can speak to a real person to get this sorted out
did our bags leave washington yet? that would be convenient seeing as we left there a day ago. unitedairlines lostluggage
according to your dms, i'm not owed a refund. please may i be provided with a contact number before i go to my bank to file claim
about hours ago. i need to work out if my bag can make it to my hotel here in time or if it will need to go elsewhere.
pls properly train your agents. requested to speak to k customer service &amp; was transferred to a dead end. not even open at this hr
thanks for remembering to load my bag onto my connecting flight. oh wait you forgot. iceland should be fun with no clothes....
customer service is atrocious! you have disrupted my travel plans, you have lost my luggage and it is impossible to talk to a human
terminal at mia should have food open before am esp when there are flights at am. two hours early like recommended. can't eat.
it was ua flight now i'm currently stuck in portland because i missed my ride because of the hour delay. getmartyhome
has not responded to my various requests for contact numbers, does anyone know the uk customer service number for unitedairlines
how we looking on getting those bags to lusaka
could you update me on the suitcase please? the online and phone tracking told me nothing. i was told i'd have it back yesterday!
just last thing. u guys shouldn't be charging for drinks on a transatlantic flight
lhr arrival lounge fail. waited mins for shower then left to find hotel. u know how many passengers u carry. planning???
completed form but doubt it's any use. ua doesn't care. day vacation will now be sure ua won't feel responsibility for that...
nope, they told us it was time for them to go home and to sleep at the airport. even though they assured us we would get a room...
..back for the expensive holiday, he worked all year to pay for, that you ruined! we want compensation &amp; his original case back!
thanks united i understand that. but he would actually like his own bag back! what have you done with it?! he also wants the money..
frankly worse customer service ever. problems will happen, how you deal defines a company. never again united.
it's still a valid flight. just seems strange to delay for late flight inbound crew, hours from now, when the plane is already here.
thanks for the lack of help and the canned response from the k desk!
it's too bad ua has had another unforeseeable operational issue on my return flight.
if i pay you and for my luggage to be delivered when i arrive. why should i have to wait additional days for its delivery?
so hotels for people but feel like we are being held hostage because someone has our boarding passes so we can't leave! fail
outbound bags lbs bags returning home bag lbs. what is your logic? and why? am i writing to a machine? human help required
we don't like to hear you had a poor experience. please share details w our customer care team
no cancelled flightn just left us to fend for ourselves when flt came in late flight. getting runaround for hrs. each employee blaming previous
okay ase m. find our luggage.
the agent that met us at the gate said any issues w delays on ua would have to be taken up online...
but they are not... lady one phone says its in tel aviv. tel aviv united says its in newark. no one knows and i have nothing...
yes, but still now answers. many have not had their luggage for days! unacceptable!!
what is that going to do for you? nothing just like you always do
plus what about food? and taxis?
you are offering us rooms for people fail
people getting pretty tired about no action on solving the problem plus missing a day of vacation and skiing
the bright side would be keeping the promise that was made to me. hope you're having a good night. thanks.
i take back the comment about your team here working hard to help us a so far no solution for a hotel or food or anything fail
on arriving two hours late flight into clt. now sitting on the tarmac while they move a plane from the gate. unhappy customer.
airlines is the absolute worst. they have no idea what they are doing. neveragain unitedairlines
thanks; might want to fix this line: "our customer care team is currently responding to most inquiries within business days."
it's frustrating, as a frequent flyer, loyal since continental. upgrade equals paying times or more on top of purchase ticket.
at its worse. can't figure how to pack plane, screws up connectns then claims no hotl rooms in san fran for stranded pax. way to go!
passengers after a hour delayed flight left with no hotel at the end of the night hou airport. wtf??!!
hey why does the flight from iah to pos leave so late flight, and the one back to iah so early? i rather get to pos earlier
lost bag process is broken. agent promised they'd call &amp; hold my bag when found. now they're waking me at am w delivery. fail
the people at the counter have been very helpful. as you can see nobody is there. flight to austin and still sitting here.
good to know you will open the closed doors for "premier passengers" after safety briefings on delayed flights. annoyed.
yea get me to phoenix already. delays all day with you people. it's bullshit.
if it's any consolation, your staff was stellar. just not the hour+ delays i encountered with every one of my flights.
that's unfortunate. the was an xmas gift and it looks like a razor ripped right through the front pocket in the picture
lost bags. cancelled flightled flights. delhi call centers. poor united staff spread thin and stressed. you name it.
yes. doesn't make that mistake any less absurd. doesn't change the fact that i'm very inconveniently missing my luggage tonight.
i'm constantly having challenges with upgrades &amp; charges. in order to prevent dvt i have to pay an addtl
in ord, waited min after crew members left before gate items came. flight attendant sarcastically said good luck and walked away.
seriously fail on making strangers share a room
we needed them here asap. will they make it on today's flight?
agent split up my reservation? now can't cancelled flight and refund credit for wks? why
why would they make me share a room?
tried calling too, but w min phn wait means we'd miss options anyway
can you ask your guys with flight to bwi to wait for us to get off a delayed flight from san diego? pretty please?
we're still waiting to find out your rep is working hard most upset about having to wait to tomorrow pm to get to mammoth
for an early flt, i think a call is appropriate. yes, reviewed and nada avail until next day. expect full refund
again i ask, who can i call to get this fixed? tweeting me bs questions to stall only makes things worse. phone number please.
yo yo yo stuck on the tarmac for over hours at ohare ... going to miss my ride at help please! helpimstuck united
it's highly unprofessional for you to overbook a flight by seats &amp;feel that i should rearrange my schedule for your mismanagement
well, considering every agent before claimed they were unable to help with everything else, why waste more time to hear 'call corp'
ice, which i totally understand. but when a large number of us are facing hours of time and overnight cancelled flightations it seems like
flt cancelled flightled and i get email am? what happened to courtesy phn call? had to book diff airline &amp; city
tag numbers let's find these bags.
better train your support staff with appropriate decorum, consider revisiting your terrible "provide a death certificate' policy
well the bar is set low! you guys are really good at the apology game! what will change? when will u guys learn?
i have no way of making phones calls... need to handle via twitter email web. thank you!
your website deserves a new design. html ftw!
thanks for effing up our holidays we're missing a full day of skiing due to your baggage team's incompetence at
agent helps the person in front of me. finishes up with them and then walks away. the guy behind me is as shocked as i am.
connection at ord was on the exact same plane again. checked carry-on was apparently taken off &amp; left in chicago. pretty ridiculous.
not encouraged that i'll have my cpap tonight.
yes. did file a claim as soon as the carousel stopped without my bag on it. got an email that its found but not sched for delivery
delay den-cle because they have to manually enter baggage tags? really? worst cust service day for this ker. friendlyskies??
why tell us flight is delayed, then tell us it's on time again with min to spare? don't say it's delayed unless you're sure!
yes in lusaka, zambia. my guess is the bags never made the plane at iad.
late flight to denver, late flight to newark...let's not even get into the disaster that was checking bags. unacceptable.
has once again let me down. don't think i've ever flown with them and not had problems. worst airline period.
yes i filed a claim &amp; hope to receive by luggage by am. ridiculous as i had to purchase items to go to sleep &amp; no reimbursement.
ua ord-lhr. bags are being loaded min late flight. frigid air into cabin! plane feels like falling apart! upgrade long haul fleet!
flight attendant never served me my beverage (tea), and not once checked up on me. what gives? ua notcool
load balancing system apparently down systemwide major impact on all united airlines flights. was this a cyberattack?
after our unscheduled refueling stop and missing connecting flights we r home n looking ward to our bed and a big pb&amp;j sandwich.
spent hundreds to rectify the situation and you guys go quiet
ua sitting at ewr nearly an hour after sked. pilot says computers down but no clue when we will leave. can you help?
so that's it? it just ends there? come on! i traveled for literally an extra day and a half because of this!
i received my luggage that also looked to be left in the snow when i arrived. i'm asking for all people to be refunded.
updated a aircraft has wifi and device entertainment but no outlets. i don't get it. how can i charge devices?
was no one between the scan and inside the plane. i just asked the people in line around me where the plane was going
gate changes, two delays. even the crew thinks the airline sucks
i'm very frustrated and have wasted days now due to your equipment failures.
computers are down but you stopped giving updates and took my flight info off the app. that's just ridiculous keep people updated!
soooo, it's been days and you've offered no response. so i assume poor treatment by gate agents is the norm now?
it's taken weeks for cust care to respond to case requesting a refund for wi-fi not working. where can i get an update?
today was not your finest. all could have been prevented by one gate agent advising passengers.
what is the real deal with the delay on flight ua from denver to vegas?
ua from madrid arrived no agent mass confusion we sent to and fro by ua employees. maryjo was rude and unhelpful.
system failure again bad trend. software projects are like flying an airplane; there's no such thing as an emergency takeoff.
lots of reports of system failures delaying flights over the last week. currently sitting on the tarmac at ogg for over an hour.
can you tell me how to file a claim for clothing that had to be purchased?
comically on the return flight from ase there were two united flights boarding at adjacent gates and not clear which plane to board
grk m is the file reference
we would...how do i contact you to discuss? a few poor experiences with customer service but would give it a shot!
ua pacific rim and date night cut out. not constantly or randomly, but one spot, repeatably.
been trying since to file a report.
i send an email about my bad experience and you send back a generic response. yet another reason why i'll never fly with you again.
here is the ticket please refund my unnecessary upgrade fee
is horrible!! they lost our carseat and expect us to use a loner carseat, safety regulations say it's illegal to use a used car seat
he needs to get to home the th, they're telling him it'll be the th night. is there compensation or anything that can be done?
wonderful bag claim people finally have my bag. but why did i catch earlier flight? original flight just landed. wastedtime
dmed you. thank you
days late flightr and my bag has not left iad, united is not helping at all. everyone tells me a different story
how do you lose a gate checked bag den to ord? direct flight. ugh.
caught earlier flight to ord. gate checked bag, and you've lost it at o'hare. original flight lands in minutes. frustrating!
can you please follow for a dm on a missing bag?
i left an item on the plane and have been calling non stop and no one has been answering can you please help
what's a good number to call to speak with someone about how you can fix what you did to people and their luggage on saturday?
where's my damn bag??
well someone should tell that to the employees at the denver baggage claim. still no bag!!!!
diverted and missed our connecting flight. was just told that my bag is on it's way to msy. if you only had people that cared
male agnt in las threatens canadian cust when cust takes pic of him at gate after agents announce can't help rebook. friendlyskies?
we just want to go home tonight why did you cancelled flight the last leg of our reserv. w out our permission??! ph rps
stressed and rude agents. overwhelmed by delyd flight las-den yelling at several people. not pretty. this is friendlyskies??
landed in boston at last night. the hours of traveling was rough tho.
fail you cancelled flightled our flight frm gjt and then used our reserv home to iah (from sea) for reflight booking problems w out our permission!! ph rps
has made my no fly list. other airlines wait when connector late flight. stuck in iah.
also, the mere fact that i have to go online to issue a statement vice calling and talking to some directly is one good example.
i have a weekend of dealing with your company that would say otherwise.
now what?!? flight was gone when i got off plane! businesstravel goodenoughmother
the proper response: sorry for your wait, what flight were you on so we can look into the issue. that's how would handle.
your customer service is terrible! stood inline hours no flights and hours late flightr still no bagdisgutedindenver
so you are inadequate by accident?
boarding time shows min and your gate agent started at showed up at and they had to check bag.
agent in las letting customers know they can't help them rebook delayed flight to den unfriendlyskies
empathizes w my disappointment that stclass flight w nonworking entertainmnt is worth unfriendlyskies
...and when that doesn't work...
searched for mileage tickets to bom couldn't find a single one is saver awards i see how you play. earn miles but can't use them.
flight arrives minutes early, but then have we to wait for an hour for our bags.
that's not the issue. the fact that no one even called (despite promises) to confirm the bag's location is.
still waiting to hear back. my wallet was stolen from one of your planes so would appreciate a resolution here
cs thinks that miles can repair the damage done, it will be interesting if they travel in and exp the worst flight ever!
i am signed up for notifications. this is the first trip i was not updated on. not sure why this happened.
that is not in line with your responses here. and now i'm waiting until tomorrow morning because all the flights are overbooked.
i took the exact same aircraft in to lax days ago. it fit, no problem. the agent today told some nonsense about a policy change
your helpful agents in club helped. i am just out baggage fees and a night of my life.stop doing business with
never heard of this?
doesn't charge ticket change fees. do they not incur the same mysterious "costs" that you incur,
exhausted &amp; frustrated! link to a fb post abt my travel issue
i was denied getting on the plane w o getting the chance to prove it fits. i'm not a rookie. read my bio.
i've never experienced worst customer service. placing blame on codeshare partners and not assuming responsibility is unacceptable
currently on board so not now. check in was terrible. staff rude. expensive luggage thrown around etc.
fucked up, then voided my ticket, and kept my money. not even an apology. i will never fly with your airline again. unitedairlines
has the worst customer svcs! this kevin rep at call center must be investigated. my baggage's lost and there's no help but argument!
should not sell tickets for on has terrible service and ua staff cannot reach silver
just got demoted from gold cuz my hubby got of the pqd, tho there were enuf spent for golds.spousal.discrimination angry.
yes lots. you have terrible customer service at newark and despite raising a complaint there we were ignored hence the tweet
lovely new plane from lga to ord but no power outlets?
but if i tweet the id number, won't that reveal my home address to anyone on the web?
i filed a delayed bag report on saturday! my flight was cancelled flightled and i never went anywhere!
i need it there before she lands so she can have the ewr baggage claim file to have it sent but the employee has not droppeditoffyet
rarely ceases to amaze...for the worse. i hope this is the last time i "have" to fly with you.
icloud it is not there yet -- please help
i did... no response back
this is atrocious customer service.
albanyairport delayed departure to check bags at gate claiming space filled and walk on to open spaces a delay poorcustomerservice
you cancelled flighted our flights for no reason &amp; now we have been on the phone for an hour on our vacation. why?
that's your response? shaking my head back and forth with a tsk. you can do better-from customer service to your apology
of course i did. the bag should be here by now :( frustrated
you are the worst. i will avoid you like the plague.
is the worst airline in the world.
someone needs to dm me and resolve this correctly. extremely disappointed with the service i received. terrible management.
premier gold desk changes flight. waives fees. gives me wrong flight. now jana acosta in salt lake refuses the same service. angry.
i will give you one thing, you are consistent but unfortunately you are consistent at not doing your job well alwaysdelayedonunited
i will but right now i'm to angry
first time flying with united. also last time. terrible back to for me. branson virginatlantic unitedairlines
i used to be a committed continentalairlines flyer until merger. i remember now why i switched to communicationfail
the least you could do is offer me a ticket in coach instead of just cancelled flighting my reservation because of your glitch!!! notfair
i'm saying i made the flight but with poor non-communication, unaccounted for lost time &amp; lots of frustrated flyers standing around
i think dm would be better
gate announcement states delay due to maintenance yet app says late flight arriving aircraft tell the truth!
you are easily the worst company i have ever experienced. you have lost someone's personal possessions &amp; you couldn't care less!....
how can your app show arriving aircraft is early but departing flight is delayed due to late flight arriving aircraft?
already did that at the airport and hrs late flightr its still not here! you guys are really killing me today. trying to stay positive..
once united's service levels reaches those of etihad or lets be more realistically lufthansa then ill consider it again
really? someone called in sick and then someone forgot to call a replacement?! now an hour late flight to take off. theworst
asked flight attendant what typical compensation would be &amp; says we might get free tv. unacceptable
has been such a disappointment today. simply put. rather unpleased with things currently. flight delayed; cant wait to just get home
during the same round trip, my non-english speaking friend was stranded twice for hours each time! most staff members were rude.
found a group of people who actually hates people more than isis, thats right united airlines.
nope. walked up &amp; down the orf terminal, &amp; not a united agent to be found. showed up last minute to board us. many panicked people
by the time i finally get to dallas i could have driven with less frustration and cheaper.
i'm trying to get to my final destination, we need compensation. just about hrs of personal time wasted.
that guy really has no customer service clue.could have spent effort clearing bins for rollerboards instead of art projects in mine!
how can you not put my bag on plane to seattle. flight waiting in line to talk to someone about my bag. status should matter.
hahaha. if they weren't an american company, i would say this was great sarcasm!!
apparently they are asking people to off board the plane--how can such a big miscalculation be made?!
it's a shame choosing united may be the difference between reuniting with aging friends and never seeing them again poorservice
just checking in again what is the status of our claim. it is going on months with no attention to this? we are very upset.
my flight was delayed due to maintenance in lit and caused me to miss my connection at iah to msy. can you help?
unitedairlines pls fix aspenbaggagefail issues. had to pay my own way to aspen after flight cancelled flight. left us in the cold in den.
read my bio. see who i work with. i have never encountered this with your airline before. disappointed is an understatement.
does customer care have email or a phone rep that i can speak with? we had so many issues they can't be placed in characters?
in the process of recovering their car rental condo rental in florida. they called united for an alternate flight noanswer
we've been waiting on tarmac for &gt; hr because apparently ua is overweight &amp; we returned to gate. wtf fb
thank you. mention that before i boarded she asked other person to measure their bag, and it was another woman. men not asked.
can't leave the tarmac ..united's gate agent cannot agree on a head count. min now counting a people max epicfailunited
that's real dedication &amp; concern. your apologies don't fix the issue nor any of the miserable issues i've had over the past mos.
blocked me from dm'ing them because they would rather i complain about them in a public forum
booked flights for for was charged twice. means i can't redeem cc points properly. would have gone elsewhere.
we've had a ton of problems with getting our bags and have been given the run around for a day. whats up with that?
pedophile airline. split myself and my yr old daughter rows apart on flight to boston
have been waiting days for my military bags from an airport hours away from me. horrible.
arriving minutes early is nice, but not if equipment isn't ready. waiting minutes for luggage, so far. time gains wiped out.
is doing musicians real dirty at lax. i've never been blocked from getting on a flight with my bass.
i'm rebooked now, but the line was people deep.
yes, they said it took more than an hour!
those whose pay to actually fly with you over k year deserve better service than a cc holder.
not a happy flyer. ua flight from sfo to cleveland. sunday stay tuned for blog article from
min more delays to flt at sfo load more pax makes no sense. will strand many of us overnight at ord due to missed cnxns
heads up we didn't check bags, we checked arrived, those aren't claim s for our other people's bags?
change made in just over hours. for something that should have taken seconds online, i am not thrilled. loved the agent, though.
not appropriate to ask in public (hence the dm). each united employee, each a new answer. your process was such a hassle i cancelled flighted.
well that's big of you but i don't have terribly high expectations at this point.
nice your app says us delayed by weather. pilot says waiting on fuel. one in ur control, one not
ok thank you, do you provide complimentary hotel accommodations since i'll have to stay overnight?
i was originally trying to share details but the link jimmy samartzis vice president customer experience sent me expired.
really? hr delay, gate changes, &amp; you boarded us, sent us back up, &amp; boarded us again. won't change our flight. can we go now?
i did. the ac went on for about minutes before returning to the mojave desert. pressurecooker heattrap
nope still no one helped me. giving up on united. badservice
when an airline causes the missed connection u would think they would take whatever steps to remedy that screw up.
i'd thank you but you didn't help. taking hours to reply (so i get a message in the middle of the night) isn't actually helpful
flight ua is descending into farce and we haven't left ewr yet. is this going to get any worse?
i was told it was due to be on ua which flies direct to dublin, so why did it go to london? this is a complete shambles!
min at ewr baggage claim stillnobags ridiculous
on a standby to denver, which has been delayed, and a confirmed to aspen, whose flights have been cancelled flighted all day. confidence.
yes at am...but now back on a plane again and delayed again due to baggage loading issue...
at what pt do u just cancelled flight! finally got stndby pm flight. what a day! missedwork clientnothappy
don't see a justifiable cost to get on an early flight with seats. no airline charges to conveniently get their passengers in early
woke up to notification- flight moved hrs early. barely made flight then hrs layover in sfo wanted to hop on earlier option
i will do delayed baggage claim when i land. hopefully the bag isn't broken into, damaged or lost w c will result in more complaints
done. want me to send a screen shot of the second call, which is now at over minutes?
thanks! i'll fill up the form as soon as i land. i don't like being duped so i hope you will appreciate my feedback &amp; will be better
this is the line in denver to rebook due to weather issues. do better.
the ones who suffer. i understand delays, i don't understand trying speed up a process that has been delays to this extent.
cancelled flighted flights late flightr, agent claimed she put me on a new flight but then cancelled flighted it. coworker got on flight- now delayed. now?
of urgency, but this is ridiculous. your ceo claims to be customer focused, yet when delays happen, planes sit and customers are
i wasn't asking for a full refund but delaying me hours and giving no reason should be enough to give partial credit
flight was scheduled for it's and we haven't moved. i have never been on a flight where everyone moved without a sense
go to hell
since bulkhead seats cannot have bags on floor, why don't u reserve o head space above those seats? in b on ua not impressed
would be helpful if you could refresh boarding time info on boarding passes for delayed flights
flights so far this year. delays including cancelled flightations. late flightst reason, crew needed mandatory sleep. in mexico!
the saga of the bag delay w will there be a reunion or will she be forced to go shopping? stay tuned.
flight ord gate agent tried to prevent me from taking onboard a bag i've used for years! flight crew was more reasonable!
why do you guys split up the charges to credit cards? making it unnecessarily more expensive for people to fly with you guys on pts
it was ua on feb. point is, overselling flights= bad. making people wait hr while you kick them off after boarding is worse
we've been here since am and you've cancelled flightled our flight twice
no chance i wait in ord all afternoon for another flight after you screwed me. hold
ua can wait for me. i'm on the ground trying to get to the gate after we were moved to b. this is crap.
from mex nrt (dates tbd) but i'm getting a to usd difference in my quotations through september when compared to mex bkk
better just keep connection from ord to fwa that boards in ten minutes open until i get off the plane that just landed an hour late flight
is there a united gold number? i've been on hold minutes and think i may be lost in nowhereland. have a gold reservation. help.
noooooooooooooooooooooope.
oh, we are sure it's not planned, but it occurs absolutely consistently, it's usually the only yyj flight that's cancelled flightled daily.
it's not getting any better. i'd suggest you get a senior manager to this gate then retrain these gate people
nothing like supporting your own mechanics and maintenance workers...instead united puts out a video of timco doing wifi.
already missed connection ugh
sure show a video of your outsourced favorite timco, who has a knack for doing substandard maintenance work on aircraft.
how do i formally complain about your customer service handler who misconnected me. i was denied boarding &amp; i now lost my bag. help!
there are a lot of unhappy cold people on the bridge in freezing temps for an hour. not given any info.
flight iad-sat. we're on the outdoor track for an hour
seriously it's ?!?! no wifi on a hr flight from cle-sfo you're the only airline w out wifi...and pls no 'unwind' bs.
u would not be able to rebook me to get home any sooner than a now hr delayed flight. linesforever customerservice fail again
you're the reason this whole travel experience has been a nightmare
what a pointless tweet. at least asked me to follow them to try and resolve
that's not even an apology
that's cool now what?
seriously it's ?!?! no wifi on a hr flight from cle-sfo you're the only airline without wifi...
b boarding this attendant took his shoe &amp;sock off at the desk and showed other agents his foot. so gross.
unitedairlines so is it pm or ord abq i can't even take a walk without missing a change.
hopefully my baggage fees will be waived tomorrow when i actually get on a flight, as well as compensation for my hotel room
either is fine. however, plundering my hard-earned dollars is not fine.
your sfo-yyj fight is cancelled flightled several times each week, why even bother?
and now while waiting for new pilot the door on plane broke. why am i global services status on an airline that's unsafe? stunning
how do i get reimbursed for hotel and taxis for the cancelled flightation?
awesome flight crew on ua re the plane, the jurassic period called and they want their dinosaur plane back!
in united is "unable" to look up a flight reservation by passenger name at the yyz check-in counter wow smh customerservice
e-ticket refund request case id
been on the phone for over an hour with customer service and they can't figure it out! awesome service... not!
you really know how to piss people off. your farelock option is fake!
last week shanghai to sfo delay hrs bc of engine. today sfo-sea delay to "sick pilot". no compensation. they do. not. care.
we're hoping to hear from you actually.
shes been rescheduled for today, but with the frigid cold, being a possible reason for "maintenance" it could be the same issue day
it's the fact that an international should not be with out her bag and no sense of what's going on other than "maintenance".
b) i contacted you directly, and the phone service was laissez faire at best. the problem isn't a cancelled flightled a flight.
a) she's an international. her phone is on the fritz, i had to get to chicago from nearly hrs away to figure everything out.
sorry for the delayed response. it was ua chicago to san fran. held up for almost an hour on the tarmac. also, lost my bags
okay thanks if you could please update me. i was told at the airport someone would call me today but they haven't.
gate c iad. u released passengers to board w others deplaning peopleon bridge while next flight board
i'd say most of the public can't extend their vacation a week, point is why advertise multiple flights you can't honor?
cancelled flights flt from ewr. "no crew".tells wife &amp; yr old to "get to ny to catch to yyz! good customerservice is dead.
now arriving a day and a half late flightr than supposed to. lesson of the day, don't believe verbal or written confirmations from united
arriving at the airport hours before departure time and still missing your flight bc you actually don't have an electronic ticket
hour delay. nothing says sorry like a voucher. missing time with family. family precioustime
has two whole people trying to schedule a flight's worth of missed connections. shameful
is unfriendly screw family, that hates kids and moms. now waiting on ua ... pray its better fyvrfn ..due to agent error and tickt
gate agent at ewr if you are disabled or in a wheel chair, it's time to board, please step". step up??? lol
it won't help...been there done that.
forces us to check our baby bag on overbooked flight complains to wife that we need to much for our baby.. united has no baby meals
today take flight to san francisco. .. refuse to let us board with baby early... time we board wont let us take baby carryon bag
we had four scheduled flights on this reservation and literally did not take one! unreal
in ord hotel issued to my yr old. tickets needed fixing again another hour and agents l r nightmare still not over
hours to rebook but hours l r the same problem again. arrive at gate stopped cause now infant is sitting in yr old lap
arrived in yyz to take our flight to taiwan. reservation missing our ticket numbers. slow agent sukhdeep caused us to miss our flt.
and those three people were awesome working very long hours. it is easy to say sorry on twitter but you should help your ppl
i guess. but what is the excuse for understaffed costumer services? people had to deal with lots of angry passengers. weather too?
,now you have cancelled flightled my wife and daughter's flt?? what's going on? follow me so i can dm details.
has it departed? i was awaiting an inbound plane yesterday for three hours and it never arrived. had to stay overnight (again).
was that english? i'll dm though i don't think you'll make a plane appear.
sitting in a plane with no pilot. thanks! waitingonapilot denver siouxfalls whyairtravelsucks
already done that. the answer i got was... oops we can give you miles and we're very sorry. but who pays for my discomfort for h?
received hotel but no food. also email for miles. last trip had hr delay and miles so less for cancelled flightlation?
do we know why ua is delayed x )? this is getting crazy. i've already had overnight delays. unitedairlines
and most frustratingly, all this delay happened either at the gate, or even onboard the aircraft! no heads up in advance!!!
my ua on was also delayed by hours, stretching my trip way past the midnight, extremely exhausting!
switched to fly united from delta for the past two trips and was very disappointed. now my ua on is delayed by hours!!
unitedairlines how long will be delayed.
why isn't the flight status updated to delayed ua no board
i paid for economy plus and you put me in the last boarding group so i have to gate check my bags too? knows better..
i travelled from scl- iha feb the ac on my sit l) was on all night. i complaint to fa who never gave me a real answer. help!
you suck. hour delay?!
you are the worst airline in the world! from your crap website to your worthless app to your late flight flight. you suck! just shut down.
jh, thanks so much for reaching out. i was able to get assistance after waiting for minutes.
is at a stand still! no pilot or paperwork for fix over mins! problem was fixed mins ago. flight is as is delayed!
is it reasonable to wait mins for the bag you made me check because the flight staff couldn't police the overhead bins?
please msg me a for customer service. i will have an invoice for my dry cleaning but won't be able take wet clothes to the airport
an hour delay because you can't print a piece of paper!
still no response??
should have been able to get seat assign without paying more cust sec should have done that for me
there is no "reference number." your agent told me to "just drive to the airport" because "i can't reach anyone there to deliver..."
slightly better. crew spent a long time searching for better altitude. would have helped to let pax in on why all the sharp drops.
my credit card was charged on the transaction when i was told it would not be. if the charge goes through i will be contacting you.
my pqms and pqds are no longer showing up correctly in my mileageplus acct. how can i get this fixed?
sfo to bos and no internet it is what gives?
is the worst. worst reservation policies. worst costumer service. worst worst worst. congrats, you're not that bad!
i am trying to make change reservations and getting extremely frustrated!!! giving up and trying another airline!!!
i got email update but still no eta. more communication details, apology info on compensation rights would go a long way
late flight crew into btv last nite delayed todays flt. will miss connection to cun. why do i have to play for hotel tonight in ewr?
no they aren't i just called to check. worstcustomerservice
passengers should have been rerouted to match the intended arrival time (even if you have to incur cost to put us in other airlines)
need to work on your united flierfriendly program. at the very least, clue in your flight attendants.
space. doctors' notes and everything. and on my first trip they lost my first suitcase. among other issues- not pleased with united
's new flierfriendly is garbage. just had to cry to get attendant to find a place for my medical supplies with limited overhead
epic fail. no jetway. been here mins on tarmac!
thanks for the link, now finally arrived in brussels, h after schedule...
nd flight in two weeks that you have lost my bag! taking my k status to neveragain worstcustomerservice
ua flight was a nightmare!! from poor customer service,having my confirmed seat given away.... +more issues
flight last night was bad business. will be a long time before i recommend united to anyone.
beyond frustrated sked change no seats, earlier departure and double layover. of course only seats are $$++. cust svc no help
working with lisa j at ord. she's working hard for us, but this is still very disappointing. was on to ewr.
i emailed the customer care via the website form. after a long wait rachelle resolved my issue. but i'm still irritated w united.
flight cancelled flightled, and the updated one gets me into bwi too late flight! i'd be fine with dca or iad, just arriving earlier! help!
so is the ^jj standing for just joking? i am not finding the humor.
at this point i made it home on my own.
i would like to talk to a customer service agent about the service non service i received on my last flight a a week or so a go. j
you cancelled flight my flight. i wait in line to get rebooked, when i'm at the front you make me go to another gate and i lose my place.
it wasn't a comment. it was a question. but thanks for your copy and paste response
you failed me last week at iah. next intl trip on delta. small ual flight from lax booked, that's it!
we were supposed to board at they just brought the plane from the hanger! wtf did they not know there was a flight? lax-ewr
how about starting without the robotic response?
you can't control turbulence, but you can control customer experience, lot of scared people up here.
currently on ua minutes of the worst turbulence i've ever experienced, and zero communication from the flight deck.
yes, but it's not looking. the ticket agent at out terminal dismissed us and we missed a chance at a miami flight then to dr
i have been told twice my issue has been resolved and twice it has not been. and when i write an email it bounces?! worstservice
flight lets go you look like clowns no one is giving up st class for
i'm on hold for the th time waiting for you to resolve and issue with a flight for my -year-old son. terribleservice noservice
as a freq flyer it makes me sad to see cust needing assistance treated so poorly. servicefail
day of this saga maybe they'll finally make it home.intentional or not it not gonna get them back there vacation days badservice
no, thanks. i'm sick of your company's lousy excuse for customer service. i'm never flying united again.
current hold time after speaking to rep to have tix reissued is mins why so long &amp; why not make this option available online?
i understand ppl make mistakes but don't code something in a way that we can't get reimbursed when it's your fault. just blatant lie
also forgot add our bag is probably going to just sit in new jersey because of a missed connection.
jx s t if you can out today would be great it's our honeymoon and this delay you has put a damper on iy
.AT_USER not what's been shared by the pilot with passengers!
where is my receipt! i upgraded return leg and months late flightr still no receipt!
how is it that i book a flight with a reserved seat and then go to check in and find out i have no seat? wtf.
they're not, actually. gate agent was so rude. now standing in a line waiting for reflight booking problems. missed the only flight to sti. awful.
i'm not sure you can do anything as this has been building up over time! other than promises from your ceo service has gotten worse!
wi-fi on (aircraft didn't work entire ord-dca flight this morning
cancelled flightled my direct flight newark-brussels last night, now hours behind schedule. in eu compensation would be a given, but in us?
.AT_USER you may "dislike delays" but i paid you .we had an agreement that i paid you and you got me to my destination at a certain time.
epicfail on cx as flight from frankfurt to san francisco now going to chicago as flight crew out of hours due to de-icing delay
i'm aware of the flight details, thanks. three hours late flight a crew that could not give less of a shit
making sure your flights aren't delayed due to poor maintenance would be a start.
hilarious
hahahahaha ya tried that already
"your bag may or may not be at the airport. unfortunately, no one at the airport is picking up the phone or responding to messages."
funny i paid to check my bag and now flight is begging folks to check bags for free hour before flight. notcool
nope not here. you need a little red stamp from the counter. check yourself, before you wreck yourself son
wasn't trying to cancelled flight, just trying to change my award ticket, same date and place, but thanks for sending the link, i know the fee
unhappy with your new mileage rules :( was my main reason to keep flying united. will have to take my business elsewhere
i need assistance. due to your incompetence i need to reschedule a connection. i will never fly again.
you've been officially displaced by for better flight experience, pleasant cabin crew and timeliness. ua m switching!
you need a bag bouncer. get it together
what is going on with united's mileage program? you pay for a ticket and get a fraction of that as pqd credit?
you need to retrain your flight attendants. saying there is no more room for carry ons when there actually is, is not cool.
ua was cancelled flightled not delayed. re-flight booking problems still miles from home. at least acknowledge the cancelled flightlation.
never ever again will i be flight booking problems a flight with united or any affiliate if there is a chance to get on a united flight
three delayed flights and missed connections on first class flights and not get any compensation for losing those seats...
and after being on hold for an hour the day before to sort it out and being told it's fine it should be fine when you arrive to fly
it's been almost weeks and still no word from dot on update of london fare to us cities? any updates on your end?
well for a start it would be nice if your ticket was actually in the system when you change a flight
another awful experience and victoria at the check in desk in stl could not have been more rude and condescending.
no they did not want to deliver at my house. had to go to sombrons else house
i guess you have to "follow" me in order for me to send you a dm.. i tried and it won't send.
stopped flying yr ago bc of aggressive policy on carryon listening to pssngrs forced to chkAT_USER
i have sent a message with a bag tag. have you looked?
just sent you a message on facebook, how do i follow up a complaint re. missing clothing out of checked baggage?
why do i check in online if i still have to wait in line for an hour to "check in" at counter? fuckinlame
very poor customer service. i will think again befor flight booking problems another united flight.
an over booked flight to start with and a red eye from lax to bos with no reclining seat.... lastflightwithyouever
an efficient layout at kiosks bag drop lines would help as there is no definition to space. additional friendly and helpful staff
of a plane's passengers boarding in your "premier" groups might be an indication of a broken process.
cancelled flightled a flight cause the crew needed sleep.but it's totally okay to wake me up at am just to let me know it's cancelled flightled, again.
changed my last name for my mileageplus acct on the site in an hour. had me on hold for mins, then days &amp; no change yet
flight landed hours ago, more flights cmh-iad last night and still no bag..could have driven it from cmh
do you have a further update on the suitcase today please.
literally sucks
maybe be hiring your own ground staff at lax when multiple gate agents tell you your baggage is loaded you expect it to be. hopeless
i would encourage you to re-interview the sole flight attendant on ual from buf to ord. blatantly not stable. uncomfortable.
this is the second time my flights been cancelled flightled... like really?
really st flt frm iad iah is late flight &amp; -going via nashville? inconvenience. downgraded but not on ticket
first complaint filed on feb th, over days now and still no response....disappointed but not surprised....
morning! has been delayed by hours. can you get me to newark for my am meeting?
please stop spending mktg on branding ads. use savings to improve cxp. hr wait for luggage due to short staff is unacceptable
it's am and wife still doesn't have her luggage which was promised by pm and said to be on its way file number: dca m fail
was trying to change a flight online but got an error can you help via dm?
you are terrible.
i'm glad you didn't mean to, but it doesn't excuse your inefficiency! only took min for the bags, we were your only arrival flight
i attempted to book a ticket times and kept getting a 'error' message. i hope you didn't still charge me.
now about two dozen back in line to see a single csr for reflight booking problems final leg. (kiosks on fritz.)
on plane to newark now. i was checked in as rebecca levi. my bag is under her name too.
aaaand hours late flightr won't be catching a flight til am...stuck in at airport in a snowstorm with no hotel-how's that for patience?
ual sucks
not happening. delta took care of us. peace!
but just re-booked to bos; uggh!! now hour bus to wmass home. could have flown to bdl &amp; back to dc in same time. unitedairlines
you have now lost my bag. never ever flying united again joke
appreciate it, but changing time by min multiple times hours before flight is just annoying and seems like you have clue
missed ua connection due mechanical failure ua ("uplink prob"). i will lose ~$ in clients mon. how can you compensate?
so you jacked out my cousins trip to portland and then cancelled flightled her return trip?! no more united
yes i did. we headed out to de-ice minutes after i sent it to you. made it to austin, but am now waiting for the luggage.
after a cancelled flighted flight, and delays, you lost my luggage again! you're the worst! disgraceful! awful company, horrible service!
doesn't help the or more passengers that just arrived an hour late flight.
minutes on tarmac now. that's after hour delay.
i am very glad i took care of own rescheduling now that ua from ogg was cancelled flightled.
tried filling out the status match form and got hit with an error message. how can i tell if it went through?
is flight going to sit on the tarmac forever?????????
one of your workers refused to give me her name as a reference for my notes. her tone &amp; language was very unprofessional.
that's why i blame your company. because it had every opportunity to do a job and managed to fail each time for just lazy reasons
sf crew lack a lot of customer service, lax employees are a lot better. wonder why...
that's why i missed my flight. if the flight had been held for minutes i would have made it. i watched it pull away from the gate
also didn't ice the frozen metal walkway. wasted minutes because no one knew how to do simple jobs.
your ground crew was inept and left a truck sitting on the tarmac. didn't have a gate agent once we got a gate.
after days flight cancelled flightled, another delay for hours- united gave me a food voucher. that's how much they value my time??
checked me in through security under the wrong name and given the wrong boarding pass. airlinesecurity
what the hell? flight delayed since pm, finally boarded and now sitting on the tarmac? is this f&amp;&amp;%$cking plane ever leaving?
actually, the flight was just cancelled flightled!
thanks for having changed me. managed to arrive with only hours of delay and exhausted
this is the nd time i was rebooked (w delays), and for reasons unrelate flightd to weather. how do i go about requesting a flight voucher?
if you consider mins for bags pm on a sunday night "as fast as they can", you should reconsider what you think that means.
it's the horrible attitude from staff after not just the delay. not the level of service or respect one expects from united
why do you want me to be loyal if don't let me carry on my bag that easily fits in overhead
on top of that i paid for st class and my wife got stuck in coach.
ph the pat answers are bs. after i was denied boarding it sat at the gate until your employees totally suck.
over the last week, united has provided me with the worst customer service experience of my life. disgusting. united
hrs since flight landed and zero info on my missing bag? rough eta would be hugely helpful restore some confidence
big surprise nogate waiting for our plane. same fucken issues everything i fly you. fail worstairlineever
not to belabor my point,but shouldn't i be able to put a laptop bag above my seat? why is it announced to leave it for rollers? thx
maybemange the airline alittlebetter. arrived at lax and no gate! howisthatpossible always the same thing w u
i just checked my united app and the most valuable use of this app has been removed. i can no longer see the status of my equipment?
even after running to gate from your connecting flight, your customer service not let us in the plane that was just parked. stranded
i'm desperately trying to understand how my girlfriend is being treated with this cancelled flightled delayed flight. unacceptable ord
nope, no more chances. your airline messed up both ways of our trip.
why announce it is for rollers at all? if i want to put a coat in there isn't that my choice? how about all gate checked? thx
bags left behind because plane overweight, be great if knew as soon as we landed, instead letting us wait minutes with no info.
you are a f&amp;$king joke. your customer service is woeful. if your staff tell a passenger that they will do something do it!
was a sponsor of the oscars? no wonder it was a half hour delayed. oscars
will lose my bag but won't give me free pretzels frauds
you are trying to charge me bucks because you lowered your award tickets and i want to get my hard earn points back, total bs
does asap mean two hours worth of delay and a return to the terminal to count the luggage a third time? gottogetbetter
apart from being on hold for over hours and having talked to people and the problem still not resolved!
typical caned response from ua, fix your crappy performing, last placed ranked airline in this century!
is it even legal for you guys to advertise flights that you cant honor??
customer service is the worst. hanging up on customers intentionally after one hour on hold.
was forced to book a flight on a different date than originally planned for a higher price felt like a bait and switch tactic
love how you don't give a shit about people who tried to be loyal, but you screw them every way till sunday. glad i've stayed away
tried a different flight iah-mnl flights are advertised for but are not bookable (due to partner error).
it will be on a different airline.
and was told that its been the case for weeks but is still not resolved.
clicked "upgrade now" and it didn't upgrade. what gives?
you advertise the flight and its still on you website and still can't be book. spent over hours with united support
tried to book a flight iah-mnl departing returning you are advertising flights for that can't be book!
quick (serious) question any resources ratings showing the quality of service is better than th place?
yes i have and i was calling in regards to speaking to someone about it even further, but unfortunately i was just bounced around.
flight from ord couldn't let me know about this? found out via app minutes before landing. awful flight.
i need help but in spanish
a very disappointing experience plane mech. delay and next one didn't wait. no sincere apology, just told me to complain online
i lost my sunglasses on the flight from okc to iah this morning am takeoff) .. is there any way to retrieve them?
ua denver to austin... still on the ground...
either your staff or whoever you contract with at pvd is failing you big time tonight...
considering it. currently gold on why should i make the jump for an upcoming flight from sfo to singapore?
worst flights i've ever had. ground crew ignored our plane, made me miss flight and now i have to cover the cost of a hotel. den
customers aren't dumb. these revenue based programs will hurt everyone. not gonna save money like you think
it was me who had the problem won flight ua i called and rebooked myself found my own hotel and taxi
bull crap. i spent on a recent trip. that's not small change. i got aa miles. would have only been ua
yes i did. terrible service from your courrier
compensate us for new clothes bet you won't
we're stuck at ogg, looks like flight will be cancelled flightled. can you help? =)
yea they been booked on next avalible flights since sat am. and when time comes no plane nd day of work missed hotelliving
currently crying... i wanted to ski tomorrow but prolly not. just a boy tryna fulfill his dreams
i tried the online tracking and they said something like "attempting to locate luggage"
your worker told us not to call because we'd be talking to someone in thailand...
going on days (tomorrow) and i still haven't received my bag from my flight to toronto. would love to see some seriousness here.
is there nothing you can do for me? no compensation at all? given the circumstances i feel like there must be something you can do
there is a disconnect between your pr group and the actual business strategy and employee attitude on the ground. liars united
here we go again. of segments sfo--new york were delayed over hrs each! why do you suck so bad!?!maybe another line of bus?
you really screwed up dealing mechanical failure from maui to san francisco. poor communication bad help in getting connections
if you don't like delayed bags, why do you let it happen so much?
the delay is due to customer service for people? what about the dis-service you provided for +? flightfail hour delay
but again united doesnt give shits about their customers
its funny how none of ur tweets back are helpful what i want is to read 'ya we'll change that so our customers get better service'
really needs to get its act together. really disappointed in our change of flight, delayed flights, etc.
to oma miles from my destination. spotty customer service. i get staff stressors but come on, this is your business.
i can't find any late flight evening flights. are there other airports that would have an overnight flight?
thanks for the vague canned response that doesn't address the issue!
that's not good enough for all of us affected by the awful organization and timing and have now been set back
otis in the baggage claim by bay not at all happy but not nearly as pissed.
why is my time less important to you? strandusindenver hourandtenminutedelay flightfail
airlines: you kidding? bagage lost this morning from ny to washington and still no trace? badservice
i did. it took about an hour and a half though
why have you never held a plane for me? hourdelay multipledooropeningandclosing dangerofgettingsnowedin
i did but i got nothing from it. just dissapointment =(
where is my fucking bag?!?! where the fuck is my fucking bag??? tell me now or give me a number to call a human. san m
madeAT_USER to the gate at and they wouldn't let us on.
time to give up my k status and switch to you are so terrible i can't even describe.
you suck. flight delayed equipment probs again. miss connection by minutes and you won't let us on even though it's at the gate.
now going in min waiting for other plane to vacate gate. findanothergate
flight is hrs delayed so far b c of late flight crew. now we are literally waiting while they have dinner acc. to honest gate agent.
many people on ua are going to miss connections due to long wait time in sfo tarmac. seriously u can't find an empty gate?
you're trying to solve problem of your own making. charging for checked luggage forces checking at gate. brilliant.
we've been waiting min for a gate at sfo... yet so many of them are free. your excellence in operational efficiency is showing
"delayed due to customer service" huh?
what about the poor customer service at checkin at kansas kci?!? that's it???
except all of that delayed the flight anyway.
maybe find a different gate ua
i sent a message. it's very irresponsible that my suitcase cannot be found. this is truly worst service ever... fedup disastrous
landed in den on time stuck waiting for gate for min. maybe an update would be a good idea capt?
wanted to point out that not one united crew has been sympathetic. questions unanswered. mileageplus is starting to look like a joke
can we get an explanation on why ua from sã£o paulo to houston has been delayed? now we're hearing from crew about cancelled flightlations.
why was flight ewr to mco cancelled flightled for tomorrow and what do i do to rebook. asking for a relative.
i understand the intent was not to inconvenience, but catching a cab back to the airport to show them wet clothes wasn't an option.
wife landed in dc hrs ago. luggage did not, was told it would b delivered hotel by pm. it's now pm, no luggage. ua
not sure why the people in row that paid for a premium seat can't use their overhead space...
is so cheap they couldn't afford to run the ac on ua they took pressure cooker to a new level. cheap worstairline
why is it that sundays when my husband travels to chicago he's stuck at tarmac &amp; misses connecting flight always
well i can tell you that your customer service at rdu airport is horrific but is exception at o'hare in chicago.
sitting on ual a comedy of errors. ual is incompetent
on ua tonight and told delayed due to late flight crew. no idea where crew coming from, your staff ++unhelpful. any ideas?
take a look at status of sitting at ord ... this ain't cool, yo.
i didn't have time to take my wet clothes suit back to the airport and wasn't going to pay for another cab to do so.
didn't realize my bag contents were wet until i got to my hotel. sent my suit shirts out to be dry cleaned. mtgs start tomorrow.
you load our plane at ord knowing pilots are hrs late flight, then discover plane needs to be fueled? wtf united incompetent
resolved and im sick and tired of waiting on you. i want my refund and i'd like to speak to someone about it.
i'm really glad i just waited on the phone for over an hour to be sent to a voicemail. your customer service sucks. nothing has been
you just caused a riot on the airplane. never seen anything like this
instead of sending inaccurate emails about delay every min, just say we will get you there when we get you there.
so glad i've been waiting for hour and minutes and ive been transferred times without resolving anything. worst service ever.
we still need help. hung up on twice. customer service rep said there is no way to help between the gate rep and phone rep.
lol too little too late flight
yes. bags came hr after i arrived at baggage claim. awful experience on the ground at bhm
your delay is due to your own making. we have now been back to the gate multiple times. maybe take accountability
why do i have to give up my leg room so these people (not in my row) can fill the bin? pls start charging.
please tell clt flight needs a gate. waiting now for mins.
why did you load us in this flying sardine can if you knew the pilots were hours late flight?? incompetent beyond belief
your seats are god awful.
good try but got her here safer and sooner
hour min delay so far..... would love to round to hours to just go to bed!
i'm on ua and my direct tv isn't working. how do i avoid this in future?
is truly the drunk uncle of boarding. don't believe gate agent that overhead is full; don't reserve aisle
i sure will
any options to cos tonight? doesn't look like ua will make it in time for ua should i reserve a hotel room?
appreciated, but in this case we waited an extra minutes for a lost mechanic to fax the log. fax...like in the s.
customer service sucks! they hang up after waiting an hour and talking for minutes.
jp dm message who? can't get a dm through to
strikes again! why board anyone if there's something wrong with the plane? common sense.
thanks for the miserable trip gnv&lt;&lt;&lt;fsd on
missed ktm flight due to ur cancelled flightlation. mike supervisor disgusting. now day late flight. no apology or upgrade offer to lhr from ord???
always happy to start my life with my new wife with a hr travel delay due to maintenece and it would appear incompetence
is the airline of the oscars but doesn't carry abc on direct tv?!?! fail now i can't watch the oscars. united
this is it... last time i fly unitedairlines you screw up every trip now will be stuck in ord and miss work.
i understand the intention, but it pales in comparison to a day of lost wages for both my wife and i because of the delay.
i need help with a missing bag.
i was. but i have given up.
you changed my entire flight plan for vacation and now i will be there alone a day and night early with nowhere to stay. help!
ua heading back to gate bc improper load? if ur packing us to the gills should at least take care to load bags. expecting comp...
is the worst airlines sitting on the plane at houston-bush airport now for an hour and a half waiting for late flight passengers
might possibly have the worst service on the planet.
deceptive marketing practices promised me if i booked flights i would retain my status now they are not granting. neverflyunited
hey so many time changes for ua we going tonight or what? mia ewr
and that it would be sent on the next flight to hayden steamboat (hdn) from denver. so i'm hoping its on there
and pick it up and just bring it on the shuttle. when i went to double check on that they said it was still on the concourse
i honestly couldn't tell you. all i know is that originally we were going to have it brought in from the concourse
missing a day of vacation to see my husband because of this delay but stuff happens and i get that. just wish it was handled better
ua has now had different departure times. wtf. make up your mind.
thanks for making everyone wait in the dark for an hour while newark tries to figure out which gate to go to. incompetence
why doesn't my daughter, booked with my gold member miles, get on the upgrade list for her flight tomorrow?
was so on point for of my flights this past week but this last one really sucks shit
and here i thought american was bad. horrible service. over min late flight. no excuse!
ua iah -&gt; sjo is delayed by like hours. crazy!
i don't know my flight details bc i need to explore some options which i'm unable to do bc the site won't let me.seems to be ongoing
how about free wifi when your flights delayed? only mins allowed!
cdg-las hours. and my luggage is in sfo. i've been wearing the same clothes for hours. thank you. flythefriendlyskies
this airline is a joke my friends been trapped in houston since am sat and have no flight in sight unitedworstever trappedhouston
why do you hate your passengers?
how can a plane that has been sitting in a hanger all day have numerous mechanical problems. doesn't anyone actually do maintenance
.AT_USER in the future when delay causes hour wait (slept night in airport) ensuring seating choice for replacement flight would be good.
is my flight delayed? it keeps changing between delayed and not??? if delayed is checkin time late flightr???
what a long day of delays. please get us to dallas tonight!!!! fingers crossed!!! winterstorm whichisworsedenordfw.
-how is it that all my flight times were changed without any official notification? almost missed my flight this morning. not cool!
they had record of it being at denver on the concourse prior to me gettin on the shuttle. i just want to confirm its location
we needed to be at steamboat for a meeting by pm so we took a shuttle. the united customer service people said the bag would be on
there is no good word for describing how angry and pissed off of a customer you have made me.
late flight and are huge step towards decline in service, and your agents, not all, are as arrogant as ever. unitedairlines
flight to newark, stuck in the runway. about to miss my connection and they are just sorry for my inconvenience!!!!!!
false.
sitting on the runway in newark, they won't let the plane to a gate. my connection boards in minute. hates us all.
.AT_USER all other ana ticket holders get to use the lounge, too. but not us. because united booked us. grumpykim
never had a flight delayed an hour due to an unbalanced load. and more delays at great job idiots.
failure in unitedairlines
you guys suck, delay to get out of ers and didn't even have curtesy to let me know, unitedairlines
unfortunately had a bad experience flying with you on saturday. inpolite crew, bad delays.
seriously? min on the plane at bhm and now min in baggage and still no bags? worstairlineever
but we are on all nippon now (booked by united to replace the one we missed).
what is this subtlety gate changes? are you kidding with me?
been good yr "friendly skies" relationship. day agent told me i'm "only canadian" and thus not good enough for military preboard
yes was trying to upgrade my seat. now there are no available spots
.AT_USER i think not. i'm not flying you again, if i can help it.
always a fucken nightmare with your airline. fail lazy alwayslate flight worstairlineever
we were told when we checked in, as soon as we were allowed to, that there are no other seats available on the plane except middle.
everytime i fly ur airline i hate you even more thanks for the terrible service on flight
.AT_USER really? was bumped down from gold status, asked to pay $$ to keep it, and get fewer miles... how is that worth it?
you always surprise me with the awfulness of your airline. you guys suck. worst
that i would get on early enough to not have to green tag. but no go. if not for otis i would be still sitting at ord
tweet bots obviously don't get sarcasm, making computers more and more like real people.
customer service what's that???
-- overflight booking problems planes, departing delayed, returning for 'more quick fixes' &amp; breaking out attitudy-customer service? worstairline
pay for a cab back to the airport to show baggage dept. my wet shirts and suit is not a viable option. nd time this has happened!!
that's what you have said for years, you are losing customers!!!!!!
once again your lack of customer centricity us astounding
now this
would be nice if partner tickets that don't provide full pqm credit are more obvious before purchase. lost miles
now maintenance issues with flight and more issues with passengers that will miss connections needing to get off
seriously what's with the slow wifi on this flight! if the speed was going to change for the worse then the price shouldn't go up!
hours, gates, and planes late flightr still not an update, explanation, or apology to be had. worstairlineever unitedairlines
your gate attendant had some snobby remarks, your customer service is like playing poker with my sisters kids!
poor cabin luggage service on ua to bos, i was forced to check in even when there was empty space for bags in the overhead!
no, we still have not heard anything from anyone at or the
every time i search a flight your site logs me out and gives error message. about to book on a different airline and cancelled flight my card.
so the last seg of my flight from denver (den) to hayden steamboat (hdn) for am got cancelled flightled and i need help finding my luggage
hours late flightr and i'm siting on another plane waiting to leave. i think a credit is in order for this terrible service!
we waited min for our bags after a min flight nomorecheckedbags
now let there also pls be in-flight live tv on ua den-ewr so i can watch the oscars ??
has cancelled flighted arrival into shv tonight &amp; the st departure flight on mon, feb rd. check with your airline for flight status.
yes i have &amp; they're unsure when it would come.this has never happened on any airline and my first time with disappointed
of course. but interesting how united doesn't seem to have a good sense on what's happening with flight
pushing five hours and my time is worth nothing to you. reflight booking problems not an option unfortunately.
you guys are complete ass
why are your agents working so slowly to rebook people who are on ua we have all wasted an entire day at stt.
plane came in with broken seat. rather than fix it they put a broken sign on it and separated me from my kids.
worst flying experience ever and they tried to blame it on atc?! i watched them load bags for min after boarding min late flight
have you read your own same day travel change policy?
your b w literally the smallest seats i have ever have, my dad got stuck in the tiny bathroom ad well disspointed premier k
my flight was already cancelled flightled this morning because of a "snow storm in denver". and now i'm in dc waiting for a pilot to get on+
still sucks. i don't understand why you have two cust service agents for a long line at houston international b gate unitedsucks
the most frustrating flying experience. one continuous "i dunno what time you will leave today. ". dunno?! that's code for ...?
has an united flight ever been on time. americanisbetter
i'd rather spend two days in the back seat of a volkswagen than two hours on your plane! disgruntled whatacluster
my flight was supposed to depart to boston at and now it's departing at due to issues with finding a pilot. thanks a lot!!
i suppose your customers enjoy screaming toddlers then. not my problem if someone complains!
you could give me free flights for life, and i'd still choose to purchase my tickets from a competitor.
the first time i flew united was horrible thought i would give you a second chance. there will not be a third! disgruntled
flight from san fransico to jfk was evacuated why?
out of jackson, wyoming... delayed by no pilots.. full toilets.. deplaned ndary to mechanical fail.. cancelled flightled flight pending
is by far the worst airline i've ever had the misfortune of flying with in all the countries i've flown to!!! it's outrageous!
... i want my bag off flight what do i do now?
thanks for causing us to miss our connection and now a hour delay flydeltanexttime
i hope you lose the next govt contract
lost my bags and there was a flight from chi to eri that landed over hrs ago...yet still have zero updates?? unitedairlinessux
i will just send my confirmation number when i get home safe and sound. this is why i pay so expensive services to you!
the bag is in a state that i didn't travel to and the airports don't fly to each other. looks like it'll never show
ridiculous! i have to be refunded whenever i get at my final destination or not!
stay more than h traveling ans sleeping on the airports floor
seriously? ua delayed because of the copilot isn't here? for hours and he is only flying from raleigh? disappointing
seriously. this is just complete bs.
we've been waiting for over an hour for our luggage- what gives?
the costumer services here at denver intl airport is ridiculous bad!
lied to my face at the gate about upgrades. thanks. badservice unitedsucks
i have proof that my situation now is due to company mistake
ouch not fair
is synonymous to with rude. and cheap. you really don't know how to value the customer
i have to go back home! i have to use what the company has available. but it's unfair to stay more than h traveling
if i miss the oscars i'll never fly united again
is the stingiest airline. nobody should model after them. ptfo cheap bastards stingy
flight delayed...again...every time. "maintenance issues"
yes... a ride home would be perfect.. a fete one would assume possible after charging for a domestic flight... ps we deplaned
and i was denied an upgrade because of catering issues??? poorservice
to barrel through the sky at mph on a ton piece of metal operated by a company that can't get their tiny tvs to work!
heard about the voucher miles credit for cancelled flighting my international flight yesterday, but i didn't get an email.
on line baggage system complete rubbish. bag missing days. no meaningful information.
thanks. just was able to do it on the app myself. still not customer service to be seen in yyz
so unhelpful...
i would take the voucher you offered for miscounting the of seats on your plane but that means i would have to fly you again
of first seats open on ua no upgrades processed. gate agents said their too busy. not cool
flying to las vegas out of chicago flight is late flight and no announcement has been made
i believe. it was cancelled flighted yesterday i guess. goes back to no notification from united about cancelled flightlation
in case you're reading this, ua right now, d. so many oversized carryons taking up too much room. enforce your rules.
is an airline where you pay extra to get a better seat but by the time you board your overbooked flight, there's no overhead space.
delayed hrs flight pit iad, finally board the plane, sit half hour &amp; crew is at their hrs limit &amp; we deplane. unacceptable.
stuck in yyz because staff took a break? not happy k....
personal device entertainment system is great but with app crashing every mins i'm glad it's free for now.
pls stop sending texts every mins saying my flight is delayed another mins-it's been hrs. i usually defend u but this is lame..
agent, "you should use the bathroom before boarding.. toilets onboard are full." oh you can expected a strongly worded email funited
should hire extra customer service reps. minute wait time to ask one question? i would rather just fly another airline, thanks.
united flight ua after two delays just cancelled flightled no explanation &amp; no more flights to norfolk that aren't booked. renting a car.
i'll try it. mileage programs have historically been a lifeline for us world-hungry travelers of moderate means.
any way you can help me find a flight to las? stuck in dia, sat on plane hrs, now been waiting an hour for an update.
minute wait times to help with a cancelled flightled flight?? help a guy out?
i was rebooked but had to take bus from portland maine to boston. told united does not cover the charge.
you were doing so well until the phl-sfo flight yesterday. major miss. unfriendly premier cabin crew. baggage cluster at sfo.
your baggage tracking system is worthless! it tells me nothing about where the bag is, much less what your plans are to get it to me
is offering to reroute my sfo flight to lax. might be geography class time.
thank you for letting me down.my luggage is still in denver but i'm in phl. neveragain flyingwithus disappointed lostacustomer
can you get me on the delayed flight to ewr out of yyz at no customer service to be found in airport
flight ua after two delays. just cancelled flightled and no more flights to norfolk that aren't booked. renting a car.
thanks for having no one to pilot my last two flights, and all but stranding me in houston tonight. airlines are the absolute worst
so disgusted and disappointed with united airlines luggage policies and attitude toward musicians. unacceptable
missing my amazing us bank work conference, not ok. what do i do now?????
... frozen lines on flight, not continuing due to 'passenger comfort'? not ok, sat on the plane as long as a flight to vegas would
my last call your customer service agent called me back... as he was stuck on hold to air canada.. just hope he's booked me a flight
you left my bag in houston last night. it's freezing cold in memphis. any idea on when i will see it? off again tomorrow.
has terrible customer service &amp; doesn't feel the need to notify its customers when their flights are delayed
i have tried and you have failed. still no wifi ever, last row in the middle and i fly every week. thanks for nothing.
trying to check in for tomorrow's flight. website keeps timing out. what's up?
yes, computer would allow me to get to san diego quick but customer service will not help. says can't rebook
says we had a weather delay in yxe this morning. the "weather" didn't affect any other airline. ua
it was cancelled flightled, none of the passengers were notified. complete violation of travelers' rights.
waiting for ewr-ord, delayed mins. might miss ord-ywg at pm ct. any room on ord-ywg in case i miss connex?
well, now finally on board hopefully we take off this time and quickly. well over an hour delay!!
i missed my connection already. then i missed the next flight they put me on. now i'm going to lax instead of hawaii. :(
reservation was made last july. i want to know why i wasn't reseated. this only happens on international itineraries
line full of worried customers and guy at desk says so sorry you will have to take care of your problems late flightr i don't have time.
there must be people waiting in line for customer service at den to deal with flight cancelled flightations.
american never had my bags apparently. united never switched them over. had to go back to united baggage service.
unacceptable. was min late flight for a 'missing screw' our flight to tucson left before we even landed
cmh gate staff a disaster..# overbooked, no volunteers, no boarding, min late flight trying to figure out issue bringbackrealstaff
waiting half an hour for my checked bag at ewr (&amp; that was priority); disappointing, usually you guys are good.
are your earnings so low that checkin people have to also be on tarmac loading bags? jan
you guys are gay
the emails calls over the past months about flight changes were helpful wish you would have sent them on the cancelled flightlation yesterday
so they changed depart from to pm &amp; it is now pm &amp; the capt. just got off the plane to find a smoothie, pm my ass!!!
thanks for nothing! no atlanta lounge? your ap says no. sure nothing at terminal t
tick, tock, tick, tock, it is rapidly approaching the next dream departure of pm. when is the next fantasy departure time??
it would make my day if i could take a flight on your airline without any hiccups on your end. train your employees to communicate
a baby shit its pants half way through my flight and it smelled like shit, what are you going to do about this?
you cause me to miss my flight telling me it already left when it had not. no empathy from gate staff or crew, no apology. really?
rescheduled my return flight from japan? uh why? trying to call unitedairlines customerservice min wait. fun
no. re-booked with american and united said they'd transfer our bags to them.
i am appalled at your lack of communication during our awful journey on ewr to bos. hr delays need to be explained better.
i'm dming my info and no is assisting. my flight home left before m first flight had even landed
boston is all self service. swipe yr own boarding pass at gate. most difficult: tag your own bag. not easy! improvetheprocess
more people would catch their flights if your attendants had more help!
no consistency, denver agents say no standby with checked baggage citing faa. your website policy says otherwise. time switch
only biz days calendar) to respond to my inquiry i hope your standards are universally adopted :- badcustomerservice
thanks but why did this occur? you guys had hours extra to get my bag on due to your delay. so that's hours you had. fail!
so many delays today...what's up with that? hoping my pm flight boards soon. united premier k
called back and i've been on hold. what is the issue?! i have a confirmation number and an email that shows how much i've paid
i'm not sure how you can help. your flight experience is terrible, planes are dirty and staff is rude. start over perhaps?
check in and it's still saying i haven't paid. i've called back twice was on hold for minutes then they answered and hung up. i
hold for minutes finally got someone and they retook my form of payment and confirmed that my reservation was set. i tried to
i bought a ticket yesterday and received a confirmation. tried to check in and they said i hadn't paid for it. so i called was on
delayed because of salt on the floor from previous passengers? the of just just want to fly, don't care about our shoes. ua
it's all about profit, and they don't really give a damn about paying customers!!!! greed
i unfortunately didn't get her name :( she was not nice!
what did you do with my seat. international connection. seriously?
my bag is lost and i can't get ahold of anyone that can help
then you delete my return ticket to europe and blame me for the now show? this airline is a joke. times this happened now. times!
when my united flight arrives late flight and i'm told to re-book my connecting united flight, you characterize that as a "no show"
never flying united again! worst experience ever
ah, so that's where the funds to fix the broken plane upon which i sat for hrs on iah runway went.
cannot direct message you you do not follow us. i want my luggage. please hep
flight stranded on tarmac in chicago. no gates available?! plane getting very hot and uncomfortable.
we rebooked and disappointed we have to wait a whole day to start our vacation. at these fares united should have top notch service
direct messages not going through please help
adding reservation to ios app doesn't show up on desktop site when logged in. and miles can't be redeemed for upgrades thru your app
i assume that would be for the other people who have been let down by united? what's worse is plane is here but crew can't fly!!
pushing hours on hold. priceless.
read the thread. i booked st class now seated at e even though united twtr account confirmed eco premium.
hi there bag id is ua can you update me and explain why is occurred when i arrived hours before flight!
hi yes need a free hotel stay in honalulu due to hour delayua since we will miss our second flight to kauai
so what's the solution?
is screwing with my flights again at cae? why do you bother having flights here if they never leave on time or get cancelled flighted?
no. i need you to have more than agents at check in.
so this did not work out at all!! incredibly unfriendly ground staff and false promises over twitter
the so below skilled staff and inadequate system just deleted my return from houston to norway. shoulder shrugging is all you do..
severely under staffed at iah.
this hr delay is a vacation buzzkill
really enjoying my sunday on hold...over hour. perhaps a better client experience is needed.
broken light, mins to get bridge to gate, airplane parked wrong bathroom not emptied last night....your airline in last hrs
i would appreciate a response regarding the pressurization failure on flight you seem to be responding to less serious issues
once again you guys didn't let me down, a four hour delay to honolulu from houston, thanks for the train wreck of issues now coming
not for me. i am on another ua flight gates down that was held mins for cnx pax.
not my luggage
it's boarding time for ua but no crewe
who authors this fiction? i just heard on radio we don't even have a jetway secured yet ua cmh
so? found anything or just showing off? you do realise that the morning flight that you cancelled flightled was more pricey than the evening?
oh i did. was still lost. your tracking system stinks as does the delivery system.
feeling like a true united customer stuck.on the tarmac in dc for over hrs. unitedfail
leadership counts. landed at last night-deplaned at minutes of that was waiting for the jetway. inexcusable
i sent you a dm as requested but have not heard anything. can you address the issue i brought up in my dm and explain what happened?
employee=faceless. don't throw them under the bus. starts with management. i'm almost a million miler and own my own company.
you can't say the flight is pulled in and departs in mins if boarding hasn't even started!
i understand that but why should i pay to change if it was a problem with your plane. if it was weather i would understand
hours late flightr still no answers stuck in houston. keep getting put on phantom flights that never apeared. badcustomerservice
you guys are horrible! first we get stuck in the snow for a hr in ewr now sitting in cmh saying it could be min for a gate
the hotel you sent us to wouldnt take the voucher. our flight was delayed, then cancelled flightled, then delayed again. hours and counting
dm'd you hrs ago at your request. no response to be found .... just like my bag.
two hour delay for a plane that was visible from the airport. so far terrible customer service. neveragain
as if a hour maintenance delay wasn't enuf, u charge me bag as a global service platinum mbr. get ur shit together
last week we also had maintenance issues and a flat tire. another flight last week was cancelled flighted. your track record is the worst!
this customer service experience will be tweeted for quality assurance.
you should spend all of the money you take for our tickets and update your planes! each flight has a maintenance issue!!!
any chance you could help rebook?? my flight cancelled flightled
you really need a better system for handling cancelled flightled flights
it is also inappropriate to lie to passengers to induce them into accepting a voucher by telling them you have availability on late flightr
give me a direct number i can call regarding my lost baggage immediately.
involuntarily bumped your passenger and can't guarantee them another flight for three days!
please follow faa guidelines regarding bumping. it is not acceptable to give a voucher for an fare when you've
i did already rebook, and now i will miss my first appointments in london tomorrow morning. thanks for ruining my trip again!
.AT_USER our newest delay, right now
if you show available seats, you need to honor that! i shouldnt spend hr on phone to hear that "really there are not seats"
min on hold trying to book award flight because site errors out. agents ask for my pin to see platinum availability??? badbadbad
is a joke. lots of angry people at iah this am.
completely unacceptable to seat st class passenger into middle seat in (not even premium economy)
found flight after hrs. how am i offered a flight voucher hrs before, lose my seat out of neglect, then get nothing?
right as we think we will take off, we stop to get de-iced. why wasn't this done when the planes were sitting out all night?
two service agents hung up on me the third was able to get me a flight on us air today. three calls and hours to get a flight
delayed more and more these days. mco &gt; iad. fingers crossed i make my connection home to albany. united k
your first class is a joke, compared to all the others i have flown, don't ask for extra peanuts... that's not allowed!
i have been given a connection with overnight layovers. no vouchers. last connection not even confirmed.
i would like your baggage damage number as well! another great thing from your 'trained' staff! whats the number please.. claim time
i will put together a very serious email, with all the issues that arose on our vacation due to your staff i will post it here
thank you for fully boarding flight this morning before noticing we had no pilots. fail
the long wait was the icing on the cake. why don't you fix your reservation system so the confirm doesn't get changed mid-travel
you guys suck! another cancelled flighted flight! every flight with you has an issue!
more lies...
they wouldn't let me on. real nice of you! just love your awesome service. and u have people working this customer service line..
after hour plus delay from washingtondc finally on flight to edinburgh all very tired
i don't believe that you do..
flight delayed by hours, lost my wallet, have no money to eat or sleep yet your representatives will not help.unitedsucks
lost loyal customers and mileage plus card holders. we could have driven to florida from pa quicker both ways! worst trip ever!
they let us board again but will we fly this time? who knows! shouldhaveflowndelta
apparently sleeping in b terminal wasn't the worst situation. someone told other ua passengers they had to sleep at baggage claim.
why don't you de-ice while the plane sits there with no one in it for hours ?? or we could just delay
its been five days, i'm just asking you to clarify your policy on car seats. i don't want to have to take this higher up.
if you lost my belongings then be honest!
back at the denver airport and ready for round two today. ready to get home!
of course this morning i see a non-stop from iah to sfo but that was not available yesterday. unitedhatesusall
minutes plus to get through to a two after the first one transferred me to a spanish hotline is unacceptable!
lost my luggage from atl to hdn luggage in denver and said will deliver my luggage to hdn airport claim# hdndl
if united loses your baggage they will get it to the airport in the country your in and then it disappears!
thank you for wasting my time &amp; money. not only will i now arrive hours late flight to my destination, but...
do not fly united with checked baggage! it will never find you!
why can't you have an english spanish rep call me so we can locate my bag and resolve this issue?
why would you overnight my bag wed to an unknown location with a courier company you apparently can't contact!
hey, thanks again for helping me miss my buddies th bday, you guys are really a trashy company shouldhaveflowndelta unitedsucks
i have never been more frustrated than my conversations with united who can't speak spanish to the courier company that has my bag!
i have never been mislead by a company as many times as i have this week by united airlines!
i would never fly united airlines again!
i am still in the airport waiting for my flight.
your airline has been telling me that my luggage is one hour away from my destination for days!
now there is no one to operate the ramp to let us out of the plane in iah...wow..just wow
cancelled flights your flight then sends you an email saying "think about your next flight..." customer outrage
you rebooked me to ua after ua was cancelled flightled. i paid for first class ticket but new seat is e. can you please fix!
is your check-in system down? i'm having trouble checking in for a flight that departs in less than hrs.
fuck you and your closed premier access lines at ord. probably gonna miss my flight...start treating your customers better.
good luck with the no-enertainment-on- -hour-flights strategy. innovation at work. hello
no human contact for mths from cust relations or refund dept. if ever a problem do u have humans i can talk to?
you would think you would clean your ramps. our jet is stuck in the snow in newark. this would never happen with
i would understand if weather was the issue, but bc of airline maintenance i had to sleep on an airport floor and lose an entire day
flight is delayed min bc a missing screw and were in danger of missing flight
after hours and minutes most of which i was on hold i was able to get the cancelled flightled flight changed to delta.
no, ua finally cancelled flighted after hrs of delay. the replacement flight leaves late flightr than this one was scheduled tomorrow. not cool.
overbooked by fifty people?!? the worst.
on hold x min ea. trying to bk a tix to asia. your website &amp; customer service dont want my business. korea air it is.
i would like to know what is the easiest way to get a refund.
help me, united! i paid for economy plus on a flight that was changed bc of delay. will i be automatically refunded?
the engineer that designed the door frame to extend half a foot into the plane for seat a should be forced to always sit here
your service need work check out this bush airport "customer service line" last nt unitedagainstunited
you realize you've said this already. at least last time you asked if i needed "help"
thanks. this one was delayed an hour and a half prior to scheduled departure.
also, your phone customer service is almost useless.
lost bag on next flight. didn't have time to load during the hour delay?consequence from platinum to gold
a day late flightr, one delayed &amp; one cancelled flightled flight, i'm at a gate with no seat assign. lots of standby ppl also waiting.
can you not get the first flight of the day off the ground on time? let's go.......
what does delayed due to customer service mean for ua
wifi wasn't working onboard.alerted attendant re socket.you sent me to a hotel for hours with vouchers??no wifi at hotel
flight no luck on standby
i'm not sure it will have "next time"...
now the weight restriction? 'we'll try to get as many of you as we can on this plane'
you a bish
conference begins in hours. up all night due to delays and still waiting to talk to someone about lost luggage.
is am and i am in the customer service line trying not to scream. epicfailunited
flighted delayed for hours. pm arrival to vegas is now am. did you seriously lose my luggage???
ticket, h biz trvl,no wifi.missed con flt,next one# h,missed meeting, food voucher,hotel chkout# ,flt# ,no wifihotel
still missing my luggage, was promised someone would call, no call so far, flight from shanghai to dc with connecting flight in ord
you cancelled flightled my flight without notification?
since i have an international connection at am, i'm hoping for the same thing!
it is too late flight for reflight booking problems now it is morning already and i no longer need a hotel room
once again your customer service at the providence airport was horrible. do you actually care about customers or just making money?
you have cancelled flightled my flight ua for aircrft maintenance. i'm delayed hours now. what's my refund options?
where is my bag?? i'm in mexico about to go build a house &amp; my suitcase never got on my flight from cle w me. i need it. san m
i know that. thanks for the standard reply.
you told me you changed my flight and im in the ottawa airport and ac cant find my reservation! whats wrong with you
this has been the worst flight experience i've ever had. thank you for ending my vacation on such a bad note.
hey, it's am, guess what i'm doing? not sleeping! why? cause you care so little about your customers you let them sleep in airports
no my concerns were not addressed
duh and done. bag whereabouts unknown. greeeaat
thanks for letting me sleep at dia to ensure you ruin as much of my vacation as possible. wait, no, fuck you. unitedairlinessucks
oh, i'll be sharing alright. especially about sleeping in this shitty airport and getting hr of sleep all night because ua.
*if* he needs assistance? do you expect him to go on a scooby doo tour of terminals until he finds his stuff?
thanks for writing back. to assist you can return the bag you lost &amp; clean up the feces sprinkled in your bathroom. too much to ask?
you hung up on me again.
your "customer service" team in manilla is absolute shit. i can't even get a supervisor without being out back on hold?!
it's disgusting and unconscionable the treatment i've received tonight.
of course i would like hepl! are you kidding me? that's the only reason i've been on hold for the past hours!
every time my united flight got delayed. this is a big frustration.
you've got to be kidding me. i still haven't talked to a human and your robotweeting me?! and asking for a follow????
.AT_USER i wouldn't describe feces sprinkled in your bathroom as an inconvenience. to help, you might find my baggage you lost &amp; return it.
and the fact that we were treated disrespectfully and lied to by members of your airline that claims to strive for the best
is that all that matters, not the fact that we're at a different destination, we were put through a tremendous amount of stress,
k member broken seat back broken tv broken light lost bag gee thnx. ua awesome job
absolutely disgusting the way you treat your customers. isn't there anyone actively monitoring your cust serve? this is unreal!!
nice. i wonder how you pick who to respond to? maybe only happy customers are easier. i wonder how many of those you have left.
averaging minute wait times tonight or what? i've gotten no help from you tonight.
thanks for nothing. really?!? minute wait times when i've had to call back x. that's minute wait times.
you're customer service is unbelievably bad. abysmal. i've been on the phone for well over hrs tonight. hung up on by yr ppl x.
you can read the full story when i submit a case to your team about the pilot of flight and why we are sleeping in dia
an inconvenience is a weather delay. your pilot deciding to waste enough time so the faa wouldn't let him fly is negligence.
i bought a ticket with a price that was published by mistake and now i got an email that indicates united cancelled flightled my ticket! why?
new plane; wifi: not working. entertainment: non existent. new seats: seriously uncomfortable. really? unitedfail ua
you sure missed the mark on tonight's redeye from lax to chicago. what a mess! you can do better!
after min of avoidable non-weather delays that appreciation link better be giving out goldentickets
where is our luggage
we just left (delayed).
screws up again...to be expected! never again!
why don't you allow families with small children to board first anymore? our next flight will be on another airline...
flight cancelled flightled to denver service agent offered me a non jet salt lake to denver or red eye out of atlanta then hung up on me.
that's called throwing "loyalty" out the window and trying to give less awards.
your unhelpful team? sure i did. i'm in bangkok, my bag in chicago. are u going to pay for my accommodation s until my bag arrives??
i'd hardly call going from miles to miles a ticket cutting edge. about the perk?
that's not an apology. say it.
been on hold for almost two hours trying to talk to someone about a cancelled flighted flight tomorrow morning. what do you suggest?
no apology? cool.
you ask a lot of customers who you routinely screw over. you know that, right?
i'm a first time solo female traveller and it's pretty scary being in a foreign place not knowing where your belongings are...
i am. who knows where my bags are. do i just wait around and hope they arrive? no one has answers, i have plans and no answers....
somehow i knew that you'd wait until i was airborne to respond. hacks jokers neveragain.
missing flight attendant delayed flight. prime example how person impacts 's of people. hnl -&gt; iah (ua wastedtime
has me stranded in texas and then hangs up on me when i'm trying to figure out how to get home. cool.
we have tried to change our flight three times on the phone and got disconnected each time.
poor showing today, no assistance to passengers who mis connected due to maintenance and waiting for baggage
has been showing the same tone deaf video for all these years about how "wifi is coming!" hah.not before i leave. ftw
more people stranded cause you suck. better yet, you weasel out of flight booking problems rooms for people claiming weather
look at all the delta flights that landed while your pilots claimed they couldn't fly to jac.
been sitting on flight for an hour after landing in newark. first no gate, then no jetway operator. seriously!?
worst customer service experience ever. minutes to get the jetway to the plane at ewr tonight. flight disappointed
not only hour delay double booked seat nit parked at wrong gate incompetence at its finest been waiting for over hr
look at the people tryn to sleep in the airport due to your shitty company not comping rooms after cxl flight
routing a person from houston to newark, nj and then to sfo is not acceptable.
freakin"
suck
minute hold is hr. min. _wtvd
yrs of flying continental united exclusively i get why everyone hates you fl sfo ewr getmeoffrhisfuckinplane
i'm still trying to get things worked out and you have yet to respond back.
screwed up our reservation- they assigned a new to just one of us &amp; when they changed our flight, only changed the original
min hold has now progressed to over an hour...
you suck!
yo, you need a new website really badly. this day and age...
how can u not have gate ready or gate agent for going on hour two
just dm'd
had a different fiasco on my outward trip and was rebooked on to qantas lax-syd. no ff miles show up in my account for that :(
it would be great to get a callback from the agent that disconnected me trying to put me on hold after waiting to connectfor +min
not a good day to fly u, two delayed flights still on plane at ewr waiting over hours for gate get to gate no gate agent.
my luggage is set to go to dca however, i am rerouted to dulles. currently in nolo however bags are in houston. can you fix this?
i'm extremely disappointed w my service for this trip as a united mileageplus explorer card holder.
i hope your corporate office is ready to deal with the rage created by your shitty service and bullshit pilots. unitedairlinessucks
i will never fly with you again. i went on vacation this week and you lost my bags both ways. now i have no clothes. thankyou
sadly this wasnt just due to mother nature investigate this incident and your employees at sfo. terrible customer experience
flight ua is taking off now after was delayed over hrs passengers to miss their flight to tel aviv
of us on flight trying to get to tel aviv that is trying to take off right now with out us so cruel. next flight is pm
considering i'm now stuck in newark with virtually sleep in hours, i doubt it hope car rentals are available
airline sucks! customer service sucks! no courtesy! incompetent passengers do not matter- bet the ceo is just doing fine though!
do you expect to cancelled flight flights out of tomorrow morning given the storm?
also ran out of water and refused service costumerservice legit jk
can you increase the legroom? how airlines compare via
on a seg flt yvr to zurich, why would you credit all miles and but only segs on full fare?
and now they sent our green tagged bags to the luggage carousel. it's been one mess up after another. bad day
the lounge tells us they have no pillows for my grandma as one of the ladies opens the closet and i see right there. unitedlies
the drunk guy you threw out of flight ua hrs ago is better off than the rest of us held up for hrs in the plane without food.
sitting in denver airport waiting for a plane to be refueled. for an hour and a half! hurry the fuck up united, you fucking retards
i'm rebooked on a flight tomorrow even though i had st class seat orig i have a lousy coach seat
well this one missed the mark. she was in a snit from the minute i stepped up to the counter
who compensates is for the delays caused by the fact that you don't have enough flight attendants??
we've been seating for hrs inside flight ua at iad delayed. we've only been offered water &amp; cookies in business class. failed
please get me off this plane ua
have since dropped to layovers but still not acceptable.
our layover itinerary was swapped for a layover itinerary really?!?
your app says flight ua to zrh departed hrs late flight, but hours late flightr we are still seating inside the plane in iad. failed
not completely. our flight was changed in july but we never received notification.
wife and i have two new destinations and i'm stuck in dc until monday with no bags
no i don't. spoke with baggage contact at number. said they will try to get bags to stay at iad for pick up tmrw
has once again earned a place as the worst airline in the business
when i read it say in some cases' can you please define this for me, when for example would it not be the case?
i'm trying your wifi on ua but sorry it really slow. even spotify lagging and that isn't a hard stream.
not until tomorrow night. and the hotel voucher had higher rate than travelocity not loving cost, but hard working staff
flight ua sitting at newark waiting for a gate, seriously??? threehourslate flight
why don't you ever print my known traveler number on my ticket? because of this i never get to use the tsa prescreen i paid for
boarding was decent, useless agents that don't speak english (after hrs of hold) hrs of mech delay not so much
flight was cancelled flighted after the last opportunity to rebook us on other flights this evening passed.
boarding a plane would be much faster if you boarded back to front instead of front to back makessense efficiency travel flying
it's and the desk attendant stated we would "sit awhile" until given the all clear. lack of communication seems to the norm.
had been suffering immensely ever since this merge .. hopefully i'll never have to fly ever again ..
i'd really like to get off of this plane now.
possibly the worst airlinegave them three chances second time in weeks a flight has been delayed and or cancelled flightled due to mechanics
cabin pressurization issues are pretty serious. flight landed in washington because of it. my head is pounding.
sandra at ur international checkin counter was rude and offensive. she commented she didn't care if i complained cuz she had yrs
my contact stuff is in the bag and i'm legally blind. this is so messed up.
did i mention that i was on the plane so is my luggage. my luggage that i'm not going to have for how many days.
times i've called customer services each at least mins... each time cut off by your operators... why can't you call me back!
tell me that you're at least going to cover a room and get me out of here.
omg!!! you just bumped me off the last flight. can this get any worse.
which just speaks to basically the worst designed web system ever.
yeah, i tried that about times for two different tickets, and it told me to "try again late flightr".
please fire the captain of flight today. he single handedly ruined every passengers day by being a piece of shit. unitedsucks
what exactly do you hang on this hook?
flight cancelled flightled. hrs at airport to book a new one for just got two invoices for the flight, each for approx really?!
why do you hire pos pilots? thanks for ruining my trip and not allowing me to see my buddy as he turns unitedsucksdick
.AT_USER your airline is again rated the worst in america so you've got your work cut out for you. it's bc you treat customers like garbage.
pay for my hotel.... i'm a broke student help
all of us are on standby in houston tomorrow for flights to calgary. if you could get us on one or two of those that would help
what a nightmare!! both sides of my flights are a disaster! at houston getting attitude cuz i was sent to ticket counter
you're terrible.
it was eventually explained that weather conditions too extreme to get luggage off planes. will be sent on. but i won't be for days!
anyone there? did you read my dm?
ewr to mco made unplanned landing because of pressurization failure. worst pain i've ever felt, i thought i was going to pass out
how does that make a flight takeoff on time? and regardless it makes me late flight because now i have to wait for my bag at baggage claim.
it's been over hours...at what point do you let people off of the plane?
trying to get a customer service agent. just landed in sfo. can't fly with layovers with kids!!
nope i gave up maybe they'll deliver it
more and more delays! no cs help at all! no notifications!
and waiting
hoping there is a spare a c for tomorrow! have a ship to board! the sched aircraft is delayed from previous flts.
the incompetence is truly stunning at this point. hours on a plane for a hour nonstop flight.
st u delay my flight for mechanical failure,then hrs on the runway, &amp; hrs late flightr i'm still here with a lost bag &amp; no resolution
is the worst
still waiting
thanks for the reply. to clarify, the airfare is similar to your likely intended peer group. the beer charge, however, is not
lies lies....still sitting at the gate, have not moved an inch
&amp; finally he was told he couldnt use the front of plane restrm (he was row though myself others in rows behind him used w no issue
customerservice at could not be worse. i get the bad weather, but this is awful.
instead of be told when we board, we have to wait for the emails telling us about the delays.
additionally, my husband paid for tv service &amp; it stopped working about halfway through the flight.
unfortunately, they didn't. i asked the staff if they could help. they said we should ask ppl in our row to switch, but no one would
your baggage person told me to go through they're handling my connecting flight.
i sent a pm over two weeks ago and have heard nothing! horribleservice unitedsucks
well, to the degree that he could... just to know, after this experience i'm cancelled flighting my miles card. thank god for
and yet we still haven't left yet and i can't watch my pre-paid directtv. firstworldproblems
yr team have me on hold for over an hour unhelpful pls can you answer my question.
.AT_USER let us know when you find everyone's luggage. thanks. unitedairlines
nope! i'm on ua that was supposed to leave at but are still at the gate. apparently we are about to pull back and de-ice.
still do not have my bag, it's in the clt airport. was originally told i would have it by pm.
just texted me to say flight is delayed due to air traffic control. bs! they pulled the plane in late flight lies
minutes to boarding at b in ord. no sign of gate agent. a little help?
website says my flight is on time. it leaves in min and nobody has boarded yet. pathetic needtobehonest
from the air: another missed cnxn day. atc went on strike in belize this am. now family &amp; i miss cnxn in ewr. please see my dms.
we are the airline that has cancelled flightled flights tomorrow to the nyc area
having to pay for a hotel room in cleveland because of last minute cancelled flightled connecting flight. booked through united..unimpressed!
i was on ua and it was cancelled flightled. i'm waiting at customer service.
flight has been delayed for another hour so only have mins to transit at lax... extremely unlikely i will make it!
we are now going back to the gate b c of something overheating after sitting out here for hours.love united but this stinks
congratulations united. fail again. sky at a gate with a plane full of people waiting on weather gets worse now we can't leave.
thank you for leaving my bag in houston! despite what your system says, i was definitely on the flight!
how come a shuttle bus from lga to ewr has electrical power outlets but our new airbus interiors do not? whyjeff?
reply to doesn't do any good to check outlets preflight when moved to different equipment after boarding due to malfunction.
-hr flight w broken dreamliner media system. witness mental breakdown as we bounce off walls. remind me why i'm k.
i was rebooked thru sfo but arrive hours late flight and miss activities. i asked to fly today with stop over. was told i'd have to pay.
never again.
is trying to strand us in houston until tomorrow morning. pretty sure overflight booking problems and maintenance aren't our fault.
your costumer service today in the providence airport was sucked. recommend your airline learn to check the weather and be honest
fire yr rep who refused to put me on a flight that i had a boarding pass and seat on. full explanation and her name in complaint.
god damn fucking crew won't be here till so you've known for over an hour and a half the flight time was bullshit.
you really do have a culture problem. everyone i tried to work with blamed someone else or told me how they're short staffed
sucks.
i can understand that but to not have another plane available when there is a full day till departure is unacceptable. phoenix?
is honestly ruining my fucking life right now. never again!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
flight cancelled flightled to bdl and stranded waiting almost hrs at customer service. shout out to diligent agents.
quality work going on here.
no customer service rep could confirm where my bag was &amp; each gave me different info. ruined events i had today. disappointed
we've let you know how to help the millions of customers you've treated like garbage. it's no coincidence ur ranked worst airline.
yes, after landing at pm last night. spoke to baggage claim customer service reps. finally spoke to one amazing ticket agent.
charging for biz flight to uk somewhat egregious. charging on top for a sam adams draft at the united club is usurious.
your social listening capabilities are awful if this is the reply for the context in which you were mentioned
if you follow me i will dm you my phone which you can call.
flight:ua is basically a prison on the runway sfo delays hrs of sitting no water no answers. reminded y i hate this airline
says is the final carrier us air doesnt have it. i want my bag!!! not a claim not an im sorry. i want my clothes!!
seriously? hrs to get bags from iad intl arvls to carousel for custs w cancelled flightled connects? i understand irrops but ridiculous!
most terrible flight experience happening to everyone right now on flight:ua delays hrs total missed all my flights now thnx
one of you has my bag! claim and i want it in mga!!!! now!!!
you have failed so uncontrollably today that it's beyond repair. i'm beyond livid with your absolute disregard to operations.
a friend traveled via ua today and never got their luggage. what recourse does the person have? buy clothes and get reimbursed?
i keep getting kicked to an error message when trying to purchase a flight on have tried at least x.
you have a culture issue
rep wouldn't rebook. this is such a waste of time and poor communication
my flight is late flight due to mechanical issues of flights in past days!
employees almost seem happy when delivery terrible customer service.
its how can my flight from a major city already be cancelled flightled hours before departure due to weather?? backup planes??
been on hold on the phone for well over half an hour, waiting to make a reservation change i *wanted* to make online. help!
instead, had to wait on plane from ottawa that never came. now i'm back home and have to try again tomorrow. suitcase still lost
i'm glad u can solve the prob. but my experience remains will not fly again on united
u cancelled flighted my flight from iad to jax. was supposed to use plane from bna but u used that plane for another destination instead.
appreciate the early arrival of ua but any chance ord will ever bring the bags out?
a broken luggage and a mild case of food poisoning from ua lhr-iah. who can i email about this?
just filled it out. hope someone responds before we book our next trip.
friends been sitting in houston since am flight cancelled flighted.still don't have any answers. badcustomerservice voucherwhatajoke
meant changed planes i hate seating over wing if u wanted i would have booked it u will get formal complaint
u guys did it again changed ages and double booked seats so i had to i've even though i have platinum and the other person none
sloppy stuff you don't see anymore united has raised my expectations this team was poor
how long does it take to get a response from your customer service about a complaint done through email?
no bag tagging, led to many people backing up the aisle to front with bags
cabin crew were huge offenders, stood as a conversational cluster blocking exiting passengers
allowing passengers on my flight to block exit of plane
no wheelchairs
no commitment to a good turnaround, an operations mgr would have counted a dozen small issues with individual performance
the nightmare continues...
this team added mins on turnaround
call wait times are over minutes and airport wait times are longer
yes, i've been waiting for four hours and no one has been able to help me.
we are sitting on the runway for hours! it is ridiculous!!
no, your service here pretty much ruined my day, but thanks for the weak attempt
what, you forgot to tell them the flight was coming... thanks for allowing me to miss my connection
such as deodorant, shampoo, toothpaste. seems like that would be limited to oz, correct?
why was i forced to check my rollaboard on ua plenty of room in the overhead next to my seat.
please don't take my membership away :(
please get me an economy plus seat. awful day of cancelled flighted flights, after lots of planning.
has me stranded (weather not to blame). hr+ hold to speak to an agent that doesn't understand the concept of time zones, thanks!
but your system gave my seat away.now i'm l economy! not econ seat. how did you give my plus seat away?
please. you moved my seats and lost my upgrade. i had seat l. i have a ticket in my hand for l
any help is appreciated. that's a looong wait for help on something that's not his fault
my husband is supposed to fly rdu to iad then iad to fra leaving in hours. you cancelled flighted his flight and there's a hr wait on phone
is probably the least satisfactory airline i've ever been on. never fails to disappoint.
not sure why u call it customer care. should be customer we don't care
who is in charge of making decisions over there? cancelled flightling flight ua was unacceptable. i should be in belize right now.
i fly normally. this doesn't happen to me with them. i'll let your flyers provide their own feedback. thank you.
how about plowing the snow at a gate before the plane arrives so we don't sit for minutes after an hr flight.... fail
ok so what is being done about my experience? my family had a terrible experience for it's kind of like being robbed.explain
great job losing one of my six bags on a direct flight. don't know how you manage to do it.
the worst customer service in denver.
ruined my day &amp; start trip sfo to gig. both legs changed, lost my paid upgrade &amp; st class seat &amp; moved me from econ to econ
now been on board with no movement for min...wow this experience just keeps getting worse and worse
have an employee at the gate min before boarding like u expect ur customers to. be a competent company like ur rivals
no wonder the cabin is filthy. badservice
and then when we asked the stewardess to take the disinfectant wipe as trash she said, "not with my hands!" badservice
i need united to be a better airline!!
flight was cancelled flightled due to mechanical issues but when i ask for cab fare they say it was weather and can't help me
luckily, i had my disinfectant wipes and did your job for you. you're welcome. badservice
you really should clean the food and coffee stains off of the area around the seats when new passengers come aboard. gross!
help? invest more in your planes and your people and less in stock buybacks and executive pay. maybe then you would not disappoint.
roc flight cancelled flightled. love my snowy drive home with no useful substitutes
that's a crazy long form! you need something other than a video?
i hope not to see the same issue on my return flight tomorrow
flight just cancelled flightled. this is ridiculous
you shouldn't page o'head that it's best to call on hold mins
appreciate getting put on hold for min and then getting hung up on because i was requesting help for big group. i'll try delta
thank you for your reply. my frustration is that spending a upgrade just puts you on a wait list.
or your staff could try not throwing the luggage around.
of us are stranded and flying from new orleans to huston tonight and we will be stuck there for two days. rather fly than wait.
hello i am flying first class and am behind people on zone !!!!! pls pass on to app dept you should board st class first
can't get anyone to deal with me in person. cowardly customer service, i can't be looked in the eyes by anyone.
nope. called, lost the seating preference i paid for, and here i still sit. we'll see what happens w my flight late flightr.
stuck in dc trying to get to denver. the engine shut down twice on us at the terminal. got any available flights for me?
yes cancelled flightled. moved to i'll figure out car rental changes and such.
troubling news, time to raise the bar on legroom!
terrible travel experience. traveled miles roundtrip but two cancelled flightlations of short hops cost me two days
why are you charging people to see the freaking flight map?
my flight from mco has been delayed &amp; scheduled to arrive after my connection departs. what options do i have?
is not a company that values it's customer &amp; after reading tweets to them i'm not the only one who feels that way lostmybusiness
i was insulted, disrespected and met with incompetence at every turn how about a voucher for a domestic round trip
day to iad and cvg to iad both cancelled flightled by united but all other airlines operating. friend stuck and now miss intl flight. help?
well if you don't want your customers to be frustrated compensate them appropriately when you screw up royally!! fakesincerity
employees are the angriest, angst-iest group of people anywhere (except for tasha at check-in at iah.)
but it's doubtful he'll fly united again and he will be traveling a lot as a sales manager covering all of north america
worst customer non-service for sure!
worst airline ever?
just let the employees know that good service and a kind attitude towards customers is vital in this kind of business. thanks
need assistance. line is out the door and travelling with kids.
friend at o'hare and can't get on flight bc they say no proof he bought st class tkt. he has boarding pass.
right now at tropic air in san pedro, belize. line out the door. all due to elected &amp; appointed hacks
your new mileage policy is awful. before, i might have paid slightly more for united because of miles. now there's no difference.
can anyone assure me that the aircraft coming to denver had left it's previous destination? flight
yes refund my ticket and give me email address to let u know what happened
i would like speak vp of custexp jimmy samartzis! i sent a survey email about my awful flight exp
we are delayed in san pedro, belize. we are scheduled to fly out at pm from belize city to houston. will you wait please?
hello united. you should take care of your call center in mexico city office. terrible attitude from the lady who was helping me.
great! i'm guessing you were late flight to open, service is horrible, you're overcharging, and don't care that everyone is miserable.
unbelievably disappointed. delay after delay. stop messing with my life.
what a really great &amp; flattering story about you! you should be very proud :) (via
i'm on snowy roads to bwi. i just called mileageplus &amp; told flight was cancelled flighted hours ago. i rcvd no notification. pls help
i interviewed yesterday as a flight attendant i was the last person the recruiter said they lost my file n came back to interview me
remember in business, a pleasant experience, means you will tell a friend. a bad experience means you will tell everyone you see
let me assure you my travel time is h m not h m timezones accuratetraveltimes rdtimethishashappened
u bums how do u lose the biggest bag on the flight
is to airlines as is to cable internet
great decision making skills flight ops iah bag makes a minute connection and i don't, flight pushed early. disappointed!!!!
meanwhile, they fucked my flight. the festivities are already in full swing at the united fairway club, overlooking the th hole..
in the process of purchasing ticket, when prices changed. unbelievable. ripoffs pricediscrimination
although, i am stranded in chicago o'hare for another hours. any chance your cracker-jack service team could provide a meal?
hours after landing in atl &amp; i still do not have my bags...which means no clothes or makeup!!! unitedairlines nothappy
bullying in the workforce not ok. get gate agents work as a team. against is never cool. delays flights unitedairlines
really fucked my day up hilo to lax hr min delay because of software? missed connection, getting home hrs late flightr no upgrade nothin
send someone to the customer service counter in person. dia concourse b across from gate b a.
i'm not sure why i expected anyone to be here
this is not true. gate agents caused this. and we're not helpful. thanks for making me miss connection!!
it's my st birthday and my sister is coming to celebrate but her flights keep cancelled flighting plz do all you can to get her here!!!!
what's the hold up with flight from slc to den??
den-phx flight tomorrow cancelled flighted. asked for overnight nite in lax sna. told not without paying. that's wrong
yeah that didn't happen!
why do i still not have my bags? they arrived am &amp;website says they're still at the airport.. hours late flightr???!! nothappy
had a maintenance issue. stuck in geneva with meal voucher that won't even cover a plate flight of spaghetti. really.
hate when i get bumped out of the seat i've selected (&amp; empty row) and moved to another seat (non-empty). k flt nonupgrade!
no announcement re extra baggage, "find an empty bin" down to aisle back up with baggage to my seat row your agents argueing
bags arrived i sure miss the customer focused days when i used to fly here's hoping wakes up
total bs.have st class seats for connecting flight. your crew late flight. we miss connection. had next plane. yet u don't honor it??
.AT_USER too much info to share via tweet. please send me your name and contact info. happy to supply you with images and cs rep names.
once again your lack of customer service astounds me! you are the worst airline in the history of airlines! train your staff!
extremely disappointed in flight united left crew and pssgrs stranded in rain gate with no cover. left psngrs depart plane
besides landing the plane, overall customer service experience has been poor. late flight and rude workers plus missing luggage
fuck you, and your shitty fucking information
on sfo-&gt;aus ua is jx my seat appears to have had a mite problem. dr recently confirmed over bug bites were mites
come on, reopen at ord and clear your growing dc backlog
customer service: hr delay coupon can only be redeemed on website which has higher prices than expedia, call wait time mins
i'm strongly considering taking my business elsewhere. unitedairlines
your website won't allow me to post the required document, i keep getting **were having technical difficulties**
really needs to start upgrading their planes. no tvs &amp; then the "inflight wifi" is currently unavailable unitedairlines
i am not digging the new mileage earning plan. i would earn about of the miles i do now. any changes to the award ticket prices?
outsourcing ticket and gate agents at mia. ill advised. you did it in roc and service went downhill. keep employees and fliers first
was just hung up on by customer service after waiting min on hold...guess that vacation's not happening? website wasn't working.
bad idea to let people back on the terminal with food vouchers but allow only minutes to get anything. long lines!! ua
what's going on with the mileage plus accounts? login through username and email have been down for at least three days.
what incentive do i have to give you another chance?
finally i get the right response. united must check this issue. ua ewr to puj on friday
rebooked,arrived hours late flightr. last year hrs to san diego and the no inflight entertainment!
lost bag in huston we leave for a bahamas cruise today from nola and had to buy all new stuff. customer service is non existent
site errored out at last step of changing award. now can't even pull up reservation. minute wait time. thanks
you get a nd chance today as i fly to a'dam. let's see if you can redeem yourself after that last horrendous trip to the states.
just had the worst customer service experience ever on united airlines
airlines st &amp; only time i ever fly your airline! what a disgrace. i should've listened to your tweet! horrible
diverged to burlington, vermont. this sucks.
officially has the most inefficient boarding procedure. there is no reason it should take mins to board a plane!
hours of sitting in the plane that hasn't left the gate yet. more hours of actual flying left.
i sent my details to the customer care link you sent me almost a month ago and no response.
terrible service for military members and their families. ridiculous unitedairlines
my flight was cancelled flighted and i'm needing some help reflight booking problems.
i was, just very surprised it took over mins. never experienced anything like that on k number
i'm afraid not... i fly or service every week and i'm just unhappy..spend too much money to be unhappy
if you're going to cancelled flight flights today, do everyone a favor and get on it now. don't stall the inevitable.
your plane's been waiting at the gate for two hours with all passengers onboard in their cramped seats. yuck.
flight ua got delayed hours due to a mechanical issue...could use a free drink or to make up for this inconvenience
his cell phone record needs to be checked to see who did conversed with. i trust the faa can handle this better.
for wireless? was epic fail greedy piggy you are the worst!
have you inspected the picture? routine aircraft check while on his cell phone? what will the faa &amp; nyt say
your "airserv" contractors aren't worth a wet damn. min late flight, still not done w bags on ua they made checkin a calamity.
will never fly with you again! terrible service!! ruined our entire vacation!! lostsuitcase noreimbursement
web app won't let me upgrade seats, call center wait time is minutes plus, just want to get more legroom but it's a pita
characters does not cover my reasons i'm afraid
while busy on his cell phone ???
really, fill out a form about my flight experience? i sent an email to the k email address.
"left gate minutes early." my thoughts: "that doesn't count if you sit on the tarmac for a half hour." comeonpeople
on flight but it's not departing! website says delayed due to operational difficulties-what does that mean?
do you teach your gate agents lie? or do they just learn on their own? there was overhead space for my bag, didn't have to check
i booked lh via ua. however at gate they rebooked me to a late flightr lh flight. now that flight didnt earn pqd for me. how do i get it
coupled with self-service policies cost cutting exacerbates the noted issues.
i appreciate the immediate offer, but suspect it is more long-term issue not simple fix. also, ski bootbag policy is awkward at best
it isnt simple issue, generally how you set up check in baggage policies at logan and general unhelpfulness of employees in early am
terrible illogical re-route after cancelled flightled connection. then made me pay to check bag. then lost bag. ual
i already follow you. one of you -number agents rebooked me. went from a to an a ugh.
yes, myself and about other people also.
it's been booked into first class with curbside delivery hours from now. i'm counting on it! teamusa
is ridiculous! ua delayed for hours and counting. should have booked with a diff airline that takes it seriously unitedsucks
at msp w employees trying to check in several hundred and the line is crazy might miss our plane be sure to thank these employees
i do i was on ua lax to den we are scheduled to land lax am please rebook to denver best flight
no first class passenger should have to pay for inflight wifi.
my flight out of bgm cancelled flightled last night, i get a hotel voucher, but had to pay for a cab back. worse cab experience ever
first flight to iah) from iad is delayed...because no one hooked up ground power to the plane. get it together, folks.
ua there is no way a plane "loses its software" i believe you decided to do an upgrade...
already missed connection... ua
typically once you get the problem fixed then the crew expires and the delay turns into a cancelled flight...
ua delayed again i get charged if late flight by you you say "oh well"
friend stuck in bus on runway at pek with two small kids no customer service, no explanation, kids crying, awful service.
no. u guys suck. i'll never fly with u again. and ur supervisors suck too.
on a flight to new york! love the quality planes on united!! wtf crappy aviation newyork
yes there is when you keep getting the same robotic answer.
bad customer service to nyc a few weeks ago. thinking of moving on
united's ceo has decided to outsource and or push out more and more of their skilled and loyal employees..lack of staff
i mean, your employees were really nice as i literally sobbed?
she means to say there has been so many complaints today (this week, this month) that she can't respond b c she's alone
i was flying home for a am event tomorrow. you pushed back my flight. now i have a ticket that won't get me home in time.
you delayed our departure by hrs to wait for passengers from another flight that was late flight! unacceptable!!
flight from chicago to houston over hours and no pretzels or peanuts?! seriously about passed out.
after having to now tag my own bags at the airport i was hoping they would actually arrive with me here's hoping they arrive
i had planned to book additional flights tonight but after hrs working on one trip i'm worn out! enoughisenough
so much for being here to help. very disappointed in your customer service.
your system is down and after being on hold for over mins -mia tells me she is going to charge a flight booking problems fee?! customer service?
brothers luggage was lost on copa airlines flight he's competing sunday for the panamerican cross country cup. please help
on last flight of the day no less. i am now driving hours to aspen thru a snowstorm thx to your teams lack of customer empathy
brothers baggage was lost on route to panamerican cross country cup championship in columbia. his race is sunday. please help.
yes there were plenty of seats available. so why did vicky thomas refuse to give one to a million mile flyer?
funny, both my flights yesterday were delayed because of mechanical issues. rotten luck to get planes in a row with "issues"...
that would have been nice earlier today. too late flight now. i hope.
waiting mins and counting to get through to global services....something going on?
no still trying to get home.
also your at-gate monitor showed empty seats
that is not what your reservations desk just told me. they said there were plenty of seats
very exasperating i'm having a difficult time with flight booking problems as the error message says you're undergoing maintenance. really, now?
lax m make it happen please else on a cruise with no luggage tomorrow
no i did not make connection. your stellar employee vicky thomas refused to board me even though empty seats on plane
of course. that was the start of my trip wks. ago. its gone further downhill on my return.
no u don't
how much longer will it take? it a guitar, not a royal commission!
sure, but different texts changing time &amp; gate (especially locations across the entire concourse). that just seemed a little off.
to late flight now, but in future flights, train staff better to handle emergency situations, and ground staff in customer service
stuck in this airport hours in standbys cuz the pilot showed up late flight in pjs &amp; i missed my connectin flight. pj's i tell u! nyfw
if i wait i'll lose the flight. so frustrating.
it most certainly was not.
trying to book flight w miles. was on hold for m before i gave up. need to get on same flight using two diff and pay tix
that's the tweet u choose to answer, to tell me you're not liable?! youretheworst neveragain
y not? you're the reason we're in houston and not nyc tonight. it took the plane an hour to take off no explanations or sorry.
agents arguing about check bag announcement. looked for room until seat gave up and walked back to seat .unnecessary
you should change your name to united incompetence. no flight until monday, have to take a hour drive now to get to my flight!
not even mentioning how rude the customer service was to us. as a business owner, i'd be mortified if my employees acted as yours
has time to respond to everyone else's complaints but not mine. you just lost a customer
"most likely" makes it sound like you have no idea, which is not how i want my flights to be. please use facts thanks.
tell me something i don't know...not keepingit weaktea
the wait time for a baggage question is minutes that's crazy is there a limit to the amount of bags i can bring internationally
i'm try to upgrade my seats to first class but the wait time on the phone is minutes... can you help?
ua is a coshared flight w ana. unable to check in hrs prior.
never flying with you guys ever again. the customer service is piss poor at best.
when a hour flight turns into a ordeal...sigh
where are our luggages? with a group and over luggages are lost
assistance with what, the attitude of your staff no matter which airport we are at?
when will i hear? guitar was damaged in december. i use my guitar to earn a living. get your act together!
i was on hold for over minutes and was talking to one of your employees. i asked him for name or id and he hung up in my face!
i hope so but i've received no help so far. i've been on hold for more than an hour. can someone speak to me?
tried other flight options as per weblink, non available for next days, frustrating notgoodenough poorservice
you asked me to dm then ignore them. please assist in changing to another flight today- feb fra to mco avoiding iad.
how do you stay in business with such poor service? poorservice notgoodenough
i sent a dm re an existing reservation but no one has responded
i miss the continental days.
or how about next time my bag is underweight you guys credit me or how about i take my business to an airline that cares.
it wasn't full, i had plenty of time to go to the gate and check, plus with my status i should have gotten on!?!
then why did your staff refuse to let me on the earlier flight citing my having checked a bag?!?!
thanks for nothing. next time i'll bring a whole extra suitcase for my extra pound. that makes sense, right?
first you lost all my bags, now you cancelled flight my flight home. min wait to talk to somebody poorservice notgoodenough
how is it that my flight can arrive early and be delayed due to no gate being available. we are now min late flight on tarmac
my flight landed min, but we are being told to stay on the plane, haven't pulled up to the gate &amp; have little to no information.
have better customer service at john wayne airport.
passengers seated, crew ready wheresthepilot? flt from ord. hope he isn't at the bar.
booked tix month ago and now its about cheaper and customer service was useless. what's up with that???
is ua still taking off at pm? i'm stuck on the tarmac on ua waiting to get in.
you're right. good you caught the mechanical failure. too bad there are no blankets. but ok.
we're sitting in ua getting delayed because the operations can't find captain. ridiculous united
truly the worst day of flying i have ever experienced...
stuck in houston because you can't seem to get a plane to the destination on time in perfect flying conditions.
you phone customer service team is bad. think it is time for me to consider switching airlines.
how much longer united?? been on the phone for over an hour to straighten out a star alliance upgrade!!!
i'm cancelled flighting my mileageplus card and i will never do business with you again. you clearly don't care about your customers.
why even ask me to dm you and offer help if you "can't do anything" terriblecustomerservice unitedairlines
yes and that is appreciated but misinformation damages credibility. you may want to have someone observe in newark fwiw
you guys suck!
never fails, flying fc order ravioli get chicken. tell the fa she says you should of told me, other people wanted chicken..idiot.
second time flying into houston and mins waiting for luggage at baggage. typical? still waiting..
again horrible service, again attitude when asked for information, again you make me not want to fly united ever. platinummember
and now your rep just hung up on me after over mins on hold because i asked for a supervisor. i'm furious right now.
thank you for hrs at terminal d in dulles airport
go bankrupt again and transfer all of your assets to $luv. that would be great.
marcus helped me good agent, couldn't fix it. flight was listed on website, but "unavailable"to book. false advertising much?
unsmiling rep. told us hotel shuttle comes "like every minutes." breezy min. late flightr we're taking a cab. you going to reimburse?
if someone misses his connecting flight because of the airline, and it was the last flight of the day, how will you fix it?
yes i needed plenty of assistance but received none.
not tonight, we got a hotel and after hrs of traveling and still not reaching our destination we are disappointed. thanks
thank you for the reply. i emailed your customer care department about my experience.
how can i file a claim when your agents won't let me speak to a supervisor? my claim number is expired because you won't find my bag
i had one interview i was the last person what does that mean?
i have flown with you times in the last days. out of flights have been delayed. huge mistake on my part. don't fly united
yes but taking two days to get bag delivered. missed a full day skiing because of this.
made me remove pound from my checked bag otherwise they would charge me loyal flier for years time for change.
been sitting on this plane unreal. when will my day nightmare end?
can you let us out of the gate now. ua
dtv doesnt work, pilots late flight, wont let yr old fly next me and i paid an upgrade. unitedsucks
your "loyalty team" basically flipped me off via phone, but thanks. maybe google "loyalty" and get back to me? ^lol
hey this is your job, don't give me the safety spin. this is the same plane that broke on the original flight out. unitedsucks
if you mean beyond opaque "maintenance issues", yes, that would be basic in customer service which your ewr staff can't manage.
"dear ted. we don't care about you nor the mileage plus card you pay a lot for. bye bye. -- united"
sad that you don't think it is important to resolve your client facing team that behaves disgraceful
help! my girlfriend amy lloyd is going to miss our flt to zurich bc of your fault. she needs a golf cart to meet her at ord
epicfail from a former gate agent in pia! he walked away and quit! luckily a responsible pia agent saved the day!
that was the problem. we were being told the aircraft was on its way.
will do. thx. been sitting on plane now for hrs and now we have to refuel! i can't even make this stuff up.
do you know how to use twitter bro? your terminal looks like it's in bosnia. here's another pic.
you are by far the worst airline. plane delays on round trip flight. how is that possible.
i took care of it myself. had to rent a car and drive hours to retrieve my belongings. due to united errors.
now i'll probably miss my next connection!
you may think i'm joking or blowing it out of proportion but the last united flights have been delayed or significantly late flight.
not the case. now delayed due to "mechanical issues with no update on departure time". just cancelled flight the goddamn flight so i go delta
days and planes with mechanical issues? now over hrs late flight sitting on this plane. this is insane!!
i didn't get a message from you. i'll resend numbers.
what idiot designed your seats? armrest tv remote &amp; resting elbows don't mix. seatmate keeps changing channels &amp; blasting volume.
you can bump me up to group so i won't be forced to check my bag and wait minutes at lga.
listen, learn &amp; do this: remove your pqd requirement. it is insulting. ^ha
i need you...to be a better airline. ^lol
your agents forced me to check a carry on bag. when i received my bag i found your crew had stolen from me. u lost my business!
really....you charge me to check a bag and then you put it on a different flight....still don't have my bag!!!
why haven't you released a travel advisory for iad for tomorrow????!!!!!!!!
cross country flight sfo&gt;bos. no wifi, not even a can of soda and this quality inflight entertainment sad
is really getting horrible. so much for tucking in my kids tonight. delta transfers miles status, right?
i think problem resolution should be decided on your end. especially if you'd like me to continue flying your airline.
roundtrip to london on i think i will! fyi that's another k you just lost. moneynotspentonunited unfriendlyskies
already flight booking problems next week's trip on thanks for making the choice so easy disunited unfriendlyskies servicefail
also, group is total bs.
don't ask me to be patient without offering something in return.
just like clockwork, friday afternoon flights from las to den running late flight. why does this seem to happen so consistently keepit
i will! on or all of which will be getting my business. unfriendlyskies unbelievable
incompetent rude service today. missed my connecting flight, then the customer service desk was terrible to me. really upset w untd.
terrible experience on ua on th. st exit row in economy has zero legroom. have same row booked for return but can't change.
hours late flightr i've been in transit for a total of twelve hours...please just change the plane on flight this is ridiculous sfo
this delay of flight ua has been painful. i sure hope it doesn't cause me or my luggage) to miss my ua flight to new delhi!
yes but unbelievable. should have a free fare lock
worst airline beware they do not maintain there plain been on the runway the past hours!!!
existing reservation is fine. i was talking about no longer having an cmh-ord option. gets me in too late flight.
how about after hrs at ord another on the tarmac refuse to move me to an earlier flight you make it up to me? iflyalot bs
also doesn't help me. i'm a very frequent flier and united premiere gold. apparently that means nothing.
delayed another hour
can't beat the storm out of town if you wait to issue the policy until too late flight. nws issued storm warning already...
do it again! i will now miss one or probably both our aspen events. fail
don't need your apologies, need my bag. took minutes from landing to get it. unacceptable.
so we fly into sfo and honululu gets pushed back hours and now it looks like more delays. i beg of you plz sort this out soon!
as for volunteers to give up seats, people did! now we sit for minutes on plane waiting them to add more people! letsgo
you going to transfer my car to me too? because it's at the airport you couldn't get me too...
next time i will not volunteer to let you gate check my bag for space, since you obviously can't deliver it in a timely manner.
i'm sorry it's cold in chicago, but i don't see why that means it takes minutes for my priority bag to show up on the carousel.
you are making me miss big snow in montana. not cool.
you might be the only airline not offering waivers...keep up the good fight
i know where to check. my complaint is my ticket said dinner when i booked now it's changed to refreshments. where's my refund?
bag mia since wednesday. still no word where it is or if we'll ever see it again. lostluggage frustrated
we can't all be american airlines i suppose...
love to report how horrible this flight is to your team. let's make it worse...as they get to my seat...out of all snacks
you need to get it together of flights cancelled flightled stranded with no car and my baggage is lost! you never get it right.
.AT_USER it's worth saying that, if you litter in singapore, you get caned. "but there are rules" says
i'm fully aware, it's just that your rules are harsh toward the client. especially since you're going to resell my seat for more $.
why i won't check my carry on. watched a handler throw this bag -- miss the conveyer belt -- sat there min
why? so i can waste more of time on this airline to get an automated message? disappointing as always.
this means within one week i will have filed compensation complaints to your website
not sure, however my ticket included one checked bag, therefore this charge was extra and completely unanticipated.
terribly disappointed. confirmed reservation delayed and your cust. service staff was not helpful in finding an alternate solution.
this is besides the fact that one week ago you delayed me by hours. i am not impressed at all.
its my one and only checked bag, which is checked to edinburgh, however i am being charged randomly from dc to newark
with the purchase of my ticket i am entitled to check in bag however i am being charged an extra dollars for domestic transport
thank u for the hr delay then boarding us onto a plane that reeks of vomit, flight attendant indicated it wasn't cleaned properly.
i have never been so grossed out in my life. what a disappointment-yet again-flying with you.
thanks for delaying my flight for an hour, and then boarding us onto a flight that reeks of vomit because it wasn't cleaned properly
just landed. might want to check flight plane from houston. that sound was during takeoff &amp; landing
i can't even look at you right now. i'll call you when i'm not so mad.
i requested an online refund option they denied saying the ticket was used, hope they understand the problem from your approach
nope, still sitting at the gate!
the passengers waited inside the flight on the runway and returned back in o gate that should not count as a valid journey
yes it is partly used, the del-ewr is used, the return flight was cancelled flightled due to technical glitch in operations
.AT_USER i appreciate you looking. can you compensate me on anything for my troubles? still haven't taken off for a am flight
another terrible experience with united. discrimination. delays. and no help from customer service united notimpressed
if a business decision is made that inconveniences and possibly causes lost customers, is it a good business decision? cranky
please provide update on ua this flight has been stranded by united with no information from the crew on the plane.
thanks for reminding me how much easier it is to fly southwest! get more agents at sfo
that's still one day over my visa expiring on june which is why i booked my flight on that day.
your customer service is crap.
thanks for having ground crews that are surprised when flights arrive. beingsuckontarmacsucks!
ua sitting on tarmac at ord when there are visibly gates open. reassign our gate.
usually an issue with express our of sfo. positive note: mainline p.s. was enjoyable.
no. sato rebooked me. just upset that my travel office had to fix this, and you couldn't.
kind of unnerving to watch the guy deicing your plane text on his phone the whole time
refreshes my browser right before checkout.error load message. ticket price increased in a matter of sec. dounotwantmybusiness?
why is united voted every year as one of the worst airlines? do enjoy that title? you should give jedediah free passes
i think you should board from the back of the plane whatstheholdup chitocle
thanks...seat made for a year old and a broken tv. flights year...my last on your airline.
fair enough united. everybody is doing the best they can. although that "slight delay" is turning into a cancelled flightlation.
still waiting on our bag! never got delivered yesterday. can't reach a real person for help. sending dm with ref number.
worst flight experience i've ever had. will never ever fly your airline again.
why do i have to go thru the details of the flight i want w the recording to then repeat all when a real person gets on the line?
why would a person take hours and hours of wait time just to tell a lie
hey! dm not working. ua
the refund team is far from customer care courtesy they need training on work ethics. so it's like sir u r lying how can i help
splitting up my flights quadruples the price
contd... i am being told that i am asking for a refund on a used ticket on a flight that got cancelled flightled how is the ticket used?
after several trials and several hours of waiting on phone to contact customer care to get my refund all i get is cold shoulder
i booked and paid for a flight to get me to denver at a specific time for a meeting. you failed... it wasn't caused by weather
what i don't understand isn't flight that i paid premium for getting cancelled flighted and the best you can do is next available flight...
flight is awful only one lavatory functioning, and people lining up, bumping, etc. because can't use st class bathroom. ridiculous
actually we aren't. still parked here.
why can i only apply one travel certificate per itinerary even when i have multiple flights?
i log in, view reservations, try view specific reservation &amp; takes me back to login page,
times my flight has been delayed and i miss my next flight. this time you've lost my baggage. no clean clothes. flight. thx!
why the hell do my miles expire? was really looking forward to accruing enough for a free flight in years.
i'm familiar with the procedure. it wouldn't be the first time unitedairlines lost one of my bags. unhappytraveler
i get that. but doing it by giving inaccurate misleading info doesn't seem like a great way to do it. hopethegearmakesitintact
cleaning a regional jet takes an hour?
you just tried to charge for a flight when i tried to make a change over the phone, not including change fee. wtf?
flight rolling delay of hour minutes
i believe just customer service. at last post he was at narita in tokyo. they sent him to a motel to rest. said standby maybe days
your website is a complete joke when using safari!
the new seats on the canadaair regional jets just plain suck.
airlines abuse your expensive video equipment and overcharge you for the privilege via
did somebody say flight upgrade?
how is it tripitpro has accurate delayed dept. times and hours late flightr i hear the same from you? just curious
i can tell you. your airline has lost mine and my families business. this day and age message through twitter travels fast.
trying to reach him for the number. at last they have him on standbye and gave him meal voucher for a potential day standbye!
this is very disappointing. this is about customer service.
boarded on time, deplaned, and now minutes delay. no transparency during. can't wait to give up my gold status for aa.
stocker my wife sarah stocker did also called but could not connect me to customer service
once again i am victim to the scam that is your shit customer service, this time the agent hung up on me wtf do you teach your staff
flight my frustration boiled over after dealing with attendant. her attitude was ridiculous.
nice to know that hours of my time is worth free directtv for everyone! ever hear of preventative maintenance?
that may be true however after weeks matter is still unresolved and i can not get through to a supervisor or manager to help
obviously no one knows a darn thing around here. what are we to do if this does not get resolved?
i have those notifications yet the staff on board say that is not accurate and they have no departure time.
i'm not know if the seats are actually narrower than other seats but they feel like it. or maybe i'm extra bloated.
dm sent. this lack if customer service is getting ridiculous.
delayed going home again. getting really tired of delays.
uh i booked it through the ua website. why the price change?
i'm rebooked. getting home hours late flightr then planned. what are the chances i'll ever see my bag again? unhappytraveler
united club team is a+ &amp; got me a seat late flightr. still, not sure why a last min ual cancelled flightlation costs me yet overbooked folks get $?
will flight to yyc be providing free food when we are allowed back on board after the "broken lightbulb"
i was not looking for the fare to be returned on the companion flight. don't understand why an additional fee was necessary.
flight to be specific. the last two were probably feet apart and within sight of each other
without baggage for days and can't get an update from houston airport since monday. worst service ever!
yes to three different checkers along the walk to the plane. overkill
bummer. might have to go with card instead. ty for response though.
or i'm sure her business will go else where for airline travel. her name is kathryn sotelo
made to check in my carry on from flight pbi to newark. plane luggage stow not full. u r costing me time, money &amp; aggravation!
i have no way to contact her while she is in flight. this does not work for me. her father is about to pass and is heading to denver
we are on two more flights today, let's hope the kit does not get the same treatment!!
please help regarding pnr a zz f. why am i now waitlisted for a flight?
i hope you have a solution or insurance to cover this issue
customer service has no solution and now we might miss a show because of them
deserves to go bankrupt. just delayed an outbound flight with no info on the connecting flight that we're going to miss
flt delayed because of maintenance that's fixed but can't board because flight crew didn't stay in boarding area fail
not anymore. finally was ticketed min before takeoff. not sure why the confusion with a full-fare gsa ticket.
yes, but they still don't know where it is. i've been told it might be on a flight, but now no one can confirm it.
wind chill in ithica degrees, and for the trouble of losing my clothes they give me a t-shirt. i'll burn it for warmth. united
i will be calling customer service. delayed flights today now, luggage misplaced, a disaster across the board.
crew has been notified, passenger moved but water not fixed. now on tarmac two hours
that link is not helpful as it does not put me in touch with management
delayed cmh to ord. ran to gate min b connection -door closed no one around. ignored by st agent, nd super rude. thanksunited
i guess the kit kat looks tasty... not going near that "sandwich."
worse headed to laguardia (delayed). why is the tray table the size of a mouse pad and the overhead the size on my pocket?
now from iah to ewr has broken entertainment system and no wifi despite info on app:
your customer service is terrible
please send help asap to on flight to chicago seat c airlines
define "appreciate". i doubt the worst major airline in the usa acts on much feedback.
yea, a refund. your airline ruined our trip.
that's wonderful. unfortunately doesn't help on this hr flight between to major u.s. cities. disappointed
thanks for delaying our flight for an hour, missing our connecting flight and terrible customer service. neveragain vacation
got rebooked on aa. one question though, do you automatically refund the check baggage fees for flight that was cancelled flightled?
it is all good -- your k team has been nothing short of amazing with everything.
new flight has me at the window. kind of ticked off. i pick aisle seats only because i hate window seats. annoyed epicfail
.AT_USER nope had to rebook through houston so i could get to amarillo before pm. stuck in sfo for four hours.
is a money sucking airline with terrible terrible customer service
are you aware your airbus fleet sucks? i'd rather fly a c- full of rubber dog shit.
fyi your staff are telling customers to try other carriers
couldn't have possibly messed up our trip anymore than they did. thanks for being such a terrible airline. disappointed
no wifi on ua sf to chicago? that's all. ps: this tech intro video is a joke. epicfail
thanks for the reply. the box is not mine and i'm not missing one. it was added to my bag ....
no wifi on flight ua sf to ord. really? wow
is the worst
haha and you have to clean a plane that was held overnight in a hangar. sounds lovely. also don't lie on screensand say it's weather
no because you will charge me or delay me further. united still waiting.
i did and then she made me feel guilty because it was economy plus and i didn't pay for the extra leg room
my flight cancelled flightled new flight hopefully will not.
cancelled flightled. newflight i will be upset if this one cancelled flights too. i could have rented a car if they would have been honest.
stuck in. ord because united can't find their airplane. lol. upset terminal right now.
wth be honest with your customers. this better be the last change or we are driving home. has our plane left or not!
nd time in a row i've been over charged by 's of $$ on my plane ticket why? united i shouldn't have to check my cc everytime
is flight really going to leave newark today? if not tell us now and i will rent a car. i do not want to end up stranded.
.AT_USER thanks for the reply. i saw that but it's not particularly helpful to a hungry vegetarian not flying those specific flights. shrug.
so funny that my boarding pass said priority a because clearly i am not a priority to this airline
i'm sure you will offer me nothing for the inconvenience you have put me through twice this month. tweets don't cut it
or you'll cancelled flight my flight like you just did
screwing me over twice in one month. learned my lesson. we are through.
what's the point of offering a free checked bag of you lose it?
flight from vegas to houston cancelled flighted this morning "due to operation" what does this mean!???? thank god i woke up early today!
education of that staff is needed he also turned away other first class cabin passengers with mileage plus.
item (not mine) mysteriously ended up in my checked bag after a ewr to yow flight. missing a black box?
my guess:flight is going to be cancelled flightled because there are empty seats and those who confirmed are not important. frustrated
instead of making seats smaller thinner so u can jam more people on a flight,u should concentrate on maint &amp; happy customers
i need assistance with pulling your agents' heads out of their asses
gates were definitely not full. we were parked and wheels were chocked. customer service called it an "unmet arrival"!!
another glitch??
i really have a hard time believing that planes in this terminal are all delayed for mechanical issues. whatgives dullessucks
flight almost half an hour at the tarmac "waiting for papers"... cannot miss my connection at iah
worst airline ever. thanks for the slew of rude agents and staff making my delayed flights even worse.
no chance in hell. i'd rather walk. worst airline ever.
is the worst major us airline. more proof: they're boarding the plane with the outside galley door open in degree weather. wtf?
too late flight, damage has been done. easily the worst airline experience of my life. missed two connecting flights &amp; days of work. ua
don't know if you are aware that all of your premier access lines are closed in your terminal. i feel the love.
disappointed to learn you are now charging to use k miles for upgrades on ps jfk flights. will be looking at alternatives.
unacceptable practice to leave cancelled flighted flight passengers to sleep on cement with no pillows ua
can u get the crew member that we are waiting on? we were told minutes ago they landed here and they are still not to our gate.
flight ...massive fail! they delaying to transport a crew member causing many to miss connections! unreal!
i had the worst customer experience at houston intl airport... your ground support even for members is a nightmare
can you help me with a delayed flight as im going to miss my connection?
i'm counting on you, please don't let me down! delayed again needtocatchmynextflight alreadyrebookedonce
why is it so impossible to actually get a passenger and their luggage to their final destination?
flightdelay on an early craft arrival because pilot is stuck in traffic fail nocustomerservice nocompensation
oh united, how much i despise thee!
your airline is the biggest joke of an operation in the world.
what is going on with baggage claim in newark!tiredandwanttogohome
usually your lounge staff are fantastic! except today in mco where almost denied entry to lounge even though traveling united-first
hour delay, misplaced bag, poor communication, and the worse: unsympathetic, confrontational gate agent. not cool!!!
why don't you respond to my e-mails of facebook msg?! i'm still wating for my tickets!! i'm getting really angry and disappointed!
then send your jeff smisek on a trip with jetblue or sw and make sure he takes notes. i would never choose to fly united again.
so disappointed in the service and the level of staff communication. such a bummer.
thanks great news that u won't refund tickets due to a bad exchange rate. i knew u would come to your senses
how are you going to rectify this? please direct me to your complaints department stickingtodelta
to top it all off, your flight attendants talked loudly throug the flight, even when the lights were dimmed. resulting in no sleep
it seems like no one from united can help me. lots of fingers pointed, zero people stepping up. at least the gate has oreos
they have access to the dial that makes it faster do they?
hr delay at the start, huge queues at security, no representative to meet us, rude staff at baggage reclaim inefficient
has the worst flight attendants. they are like those angry and drunk aunts that we all have. everything has to be an argument.
accordingly? u dont respond at all
"the extra care airline". unitedairlines they don't care. trust me. there customerservice is non existent. they don't have
another unfortunate case of bad luck, usually maintenance issue. they are now swapping planes to ont, will get in late flight. :(
it's a shame the great customer service wasn't continued in sfo. slightly absurd
onlyinamerica. days and not a word from unitedairlines customerservices. bad pr guys.
still awaiting a reply from ur customer services? days, no response? lousy unitedairlines
has happened on other airlines and they've given out flight vouchers and been more transparent about the problems.
thanks, i'm booked. just spent an extra hrs in the ten w no explanation. now flying middle seat to char instead of memphis.
agent rick clifton in sea-hou told him my father is dying and needed to get my handbag on the cabin. he did nothing shameful
we all watched as the crew was escorted from the back to st class. prebooked? really? your dissatisfaction is und
there were plenty of empty seats in coach "AT_USER your dissatisfaction is understood. crew members traveling for duty are pre-booked on f"
all good, didn't die or anything. as they say "you get what you pay for"!
your staff at laguardia and lagos, nigeria were unprofessional, uncaring and not helpful. ou
u kept passengers waiting all night a plane that was being put out of service. leaving everyone stranded for night. inexcusable
flt lax to ewr. your pilot bragged about getting to ewr early only to wait min for a jetway driver. thanks united!
i am so happy i found my phone because this is easily the worst system i have ever heard of
really? +hours???? we don't like delays and do all we can to avoid them. we'll have you on your way asap
after i waited hours in the airport being told one fib after the other. why can't ual be honest with its customers?
well. as of yet, our checked bag has already vanished and we haven't left the airport yet.
a rapid trip plane ticket from idaho to california that doesn't have problems would be wonderful
agent did help me. my point: there's a problem &amp; i don't want it to mess up somebody else's plans. can u flow this to tech team pls?
.AT_USER being delayed hours for a one hour flight is more than frustrating. i'm also unable to get a decent meal at this hour.never again
i think we both have the same status (nothing). i think there was a bug in your search system.
i would appreciate an answer on why we weren't alerted flight had been cancelled flighted until plane landed. showsomerespect
wtf!?!? delay after delay. hours yvr to san? unacceptable. flight crew availability is to blame? never again with
i think i left my phone on my flight. help!
hey, left my computer bag, w computer inside, in united, filed online report, no response
they were empty upon takeoff. why can't someone sit there?
here is my case id requested on now it's ... days i'll get a response, bs!
thanks. formed submitted. i'm not betting someone would be honest enough to turn it in though...
rebooked hours after original flight, to say your handling of situation was bad would be an understatement.
i would like a supervisor to talk to. now we are waiting for a flight attendant as one just walked off &amp; left
understanding the situation we waited and it was opened until pm
just curious, when are you going to to finally learn customerservice
nice see u have a sense of humor. hourdelay just want b home but i'll settle for that beer. once safely in the air, of course
she was at the service desk at gate and helped us find a flight to get us to our dest. on time when our flight got cancelled flightled
thanks, but does not answer my question. i want to make a reservation over the phone in perth, hold for hrs, and have family
it wasn't a delay so much as a straight cancelled flightlation. weather wasn't an issue either.
thanks for ruining my wedding anniversary. flight ua from ewr to rdu is delayed by over hours and will reach home the nxt day
cancelled flightled my flight for some unknown reason and haven't really given me anything to make my overnight layover tolerable
the only difference being you are both responsible and in a position to do something about them. learn from
yes my flight was rebooked. i'm just losing trust in you if i want to get anywhere on time.
any solutions?
i'm over you. evry st flight i take w you is delayed &amp; evry nd is on time so its missed evry time. lastflightofthenight breakup
i did they did not. i did submit a complaint on line and never heard back from that i don't have that id- you should find it
it is cool. your customer told me they didn't care either. it is expected
is freaking worthless. i hate this airline.
not once did us leave ord on time this week shameful
very missed daughter suppose to dpt ord pm dpted pm -checked week's average for ua -shameful! day average pm
fantastic night of waiting hours for a delayed airplane, only for you to alert us flight is cancelled flighted when it lands. whatstatus
they did on a delta flight out of lax which is why i should be compensated for my rental car there.
.AT_USER board customers onto a plane with no pilot? the only thing that expedited was my time in line to book a new flight. come on now.
stuck on tarmac for the last hour. can i have a beer?
recent services have been very bad. my nc trip was aweful. very disappointed and never again.
it's freezing on the gate bridgewaitingforbags#united#ewr
landed at pm and have been standing waiting for bags that were loaded plane side..why isn't the crew heretiredcustomer
shows i need this plane to get to buffalo so i can leave tonight. any progress?
i was rebooked, however it would have been nice not to have to wait an extra min at the airport. how will you make this right?
enough already with the poor service, old planes, ridiculous routing. k and time to find a new airline with status match.
broke my suitcase &amp; refuses to give me a repair estimate.
how do you have a scheduled flight with no crew? is there a competent person working at this airline?
can you help in chicago get to a gate. freezing on a runway seems like a crappy thing to do at pm
thanks kp. what's going on w tonight. bad update online and phone. can't u give customers good info. not waste their time?!
you knew this flight was delayed! mht to alb to ewr to get crew. your arrival is late flightr than the departure! update your site!
wtf! why can't you update your times in a timely manner? you've known the fight was more delayed! ur service is awful!
waiting on plane so long missed my connecting flight it left early. that's the last flight out tonight. help
ord gate c and flt remember when customers were valuable? is it so hard to be nice to someone lugging a guitar &amp; carryons
worst service ever. denied access to our flight and then moved flight times. how hard is it to schedule a gate? next time.
i'm in denver, my bag is in san jose. see something wrong here.
you know it's bad when you're praying your connecting flight is delayed because of an hour delay on the first flight justgetmehome
playing hide and seek with the gate. "we can't find it, it should only be a few more minutes."
so our flight into ord was delayed because of air force one, but the last flight to sbn is at mins from now we just landed.
hrs late flightr and you still can't figure it out. random text updates. embarrassing ua
stop picking on us cle
too big to properly manage flight times. there is such a thing as being on time. or at least prepared with a gate when we land!
i'd rather have the truth about my flight than be forced to sit here all day. trying to get home to this.
another delayed day. delayed outbound. delayed inbound and now waiting at ewr for a gate to be ready. how is it not ready!??
cancelled flighted my mileage plus award reservation g c same day. have yet to see my miles back despite agent confirmation.
gate changes in minutes for flight to roanoke and flight to sous falls in o'hare... painful
this is nuts they said a flight was on the ground now it's still in albany and they won't have a plane. someone is compensating me
doumented via link. however, now that it has been over four months with no response, what do you suggest? or shall i not expect one?
what?! y'all have zero concept of customer service. oh...and now my connection is delayed too!
.AT_USER just curious why you'd board a flight without a pilot. seems crucial to the flight process, no?
just changed again. this is crazy! youragentshavenoclue
never can get a flight out on time. hour delay earlier another hour delay on my connecting flight. makes straight delays
b c of your delay now you are oversold by passengers?!??? this is a mess! what are you going to do to compensate?
blamed weather lol no wind and not a cloud in the sky!! delayed both ways x!! ru kidding me to charge me for lb w delays?
be worse?oh you can't! delayed with no reason on the way to lon;flight cancelled flighted with no reason less than days before returning.
flight ... gate changes on top of this. really hoping you can compensate with some points mileage to my account!
should contact me and the others on my flight who can't get their website to work. none of our info is valid!
over an hour stuck and still not off the plane. total failure by you and your partners in ensuring the best customer experience.
silence is very telling
thanks for the hr delay and then no ground crew when we landed. at least you didn't break my
am i illiterate or is there a magic code to make your customer service site work?
worst airline ever! staff is nasty, wifi down bags are delayed due to weather?? and now the belt is broken. selling ual stock in am
i'm confused. after your agents directed us to go to your website after delays nothing works!
minute wait...still at the gate with a broken jetway. might miss connection
lost my wallet on flight yesterday from houston to bogota. filled out your online form. no response yet.
one hour after departure time and still no update!
i am now following you and see that i am not the only one experiencing and noticing a substantial downgrade in service post merger
minutes waiting at the gate for the broken jetway. different gate maybe?
how can you never got a flight from austin to houston in time for a connection ever? ever!
now sitting on the tarmac for a half hour after landing because your jetway is broken. daysofunitedfailures thingafteranother
look at the twitter history as usual service non existent
make sure you make cancelled flighted flight baggage and upgrade fees seem like a labyrinth so that you might be able to swindle a few more
how is this considered "on time" if it's arriving at destination half hour late flightr than scheduled?
and there is no direct phone number for status match desk? i really regret flight booking problems with now.
yet again you disappoint. sitting at iad for ua for hrs and you can't seem to know why the plane hasn't left albany. fail
still sitting here waiting for a plane.... hours wasted
line is just getting longer and moving slower. lady working the counter is doing great, she just needs help. customerservicefail
an update on flight would be great!
wasting time at baggage claim thanks to your dfw ground crew who checked my bag in without actually checking for space frustrated
what is the problem with your flights to ny today
flight was too heavy so had to fly back to palm springs (after being in the air for mins)
your boarding process sucks. you should learn from
ouch, delays due to mechanical issues again qro will have to wait! yall seem to be falling apart alwaysdelayed unitedfail
my fingers are crossed that they are more capable of getting baggage from point a-&gt;b than united airlines!
what happened this afternoon? huge amt of incoming planes to sfo delayed over hours. frustrating!
not about being on my way or impatience on my part...it's about you being untruthful and not having proper systems in place
can you maybe have more than person working customer service desk in houston airport? line rows deep person working
your survey is too long. i fly a lot of segments and i'll fill it out after every trip, but not if it takes more than a minute.
can you you think about hiring some baggage attendants at ewr? been waiting for bags for hr. united overcharged&amp;underserved
are you telling me that you are now cancelled flighting my flight ??
would be hard to be worse than last time but i'm sure you'll give it a shot
service staff to is less than friendly!
can you transfer my bags too?
i am a comedian and i promise i will make fun of you on stage tonight.
tried to and got through the whole characters and i was not even done.
you had us reboard without the captain. so now we'll be sitting in here for another min?
on flight to houston delayed duecto engine trouble. willl you hold my connection to argentina at houston since i'm late flight now?
just delayed my flight to slc by hours. what gives? snowforce
your airline is a joke. person working special services at ewr?!? line is ppl deep. grow up!
more concerned that you close a club i paid alot for at last flight p. the construction going on is very inconvenient.
care less about the person although he walked away while i was complaining. a man at p at lax club. more.....
smiling? not!!
worst airline in the world- delays, gate agent loses her mind over lbs and charges me on top of the i already paid!!
we'd prefer everyone hear our complaints amount your airline
why do you bother surveying me!
worst airline ever after legs of travel i am officially done. on time is not in their vocab. i'm taking my premier status to a
donna and juan still the best in the united club_ too bad ual does not get it
i just want to contact someone with a question &amp; not be put on hold for minutes in order to be hung up on or sent to the pet line
keeps delaying my flight, horrible customer service
i really down think downgrading the booze food selections at the club is a good way to go. how about you look
you guys are atrocious. far better service as silver on delta than you as a platinum. i'll be switching back to delta.
i have and been denied! i called and got hung up on. did speaks with manager on second call
club den, east or west, both are disgusting.
installed and working are not the same. kicked me out after an hour and wouldn't let me back in. four wasted hours.
that's what i tried to do, but when entering email into nd device made email typo. no way to fix it &amp; no option to log out in!!!
so the hrs that you told me was what? a guess?? they've apparently had the bag hrs now and no call.
still waiting our bags. web still can't tell me its location how come can tell u at any given minute where it is?
seriously? after waiting hours on the plane for my flight to leave at pm i have to leave the plane? great. just great.
"we like hearing from you." so why haven't you replied to my tweet and or email yet?
rude grouchy agent at dulles check-in just got my hour trip off to a lousy start. he needs a nap or something.
k use to be special. people in group one. why not board global and k together?
thats because you didnt read my entire tweet. wife's pm flight is now delayed to thats hour flight delays in weeks
as it always is. helps to communicate to customers.
i'm not as sure as you are.
how does that help me with my customers that i couldn't meet with (and subsequently lost)?
problem is on laptop not phone
question was given food vouchers but can't use on plane..how come
the wifi in the ewr lounge reminds me of the old days of dial up
needs to pay for my car. i could have been on my flight if help desks did not say it already left. shame.
too long for characters
tried that already &amp; tried forgetting the wifi network connection. still forces log in with incorrect email. other suggestions?
