plus you've added commercials to the experience... tacky.
it was amazing, and arrived an hour early. you're too good to me.
i &lt; pretty graphics. so much better than minimal iconography. :d
this is such a great deal! already thinking about my nd trip to &amp; i haven't even gone on my st trip yet! ;p
i'm flying your fabulous seductive skies again! u take all the stress away from travel
thanks!
so excited for my first cross country flight lax to mco i've heard nothing but great things about virgin america. daystogo
you know what would be amazingly awesome? bos-fll please!!!!!!! i want to fly with only you.
i love this graphic.
i love the hipster innovation. you are a feel good brand.
this is great news! america could start flights to hawaii by end of year via
done and done! best airline around, hands down!
view of downtown los angeles, the hollywood sign, and beyond that rain in the mountains!
i'm elevategold for a good reason: you rock!!
wow this just blew my mind
julie andrews all the way though was very impressive! no to
you know it. need it on my spotify stat guiltypleasures
love all three but you really can't beat the classics!
congrats on winning the award for best deals from an airline (us)
not worried, it's been a great ride in a new plane with great crew. all airlines should be like this.
awesome. i flew yall sat morning. any way we can correct my bill
i've applied more then once to be a member of the inflight crew team...im interested. flightattendant dreampath -g
has getaway deals through may, from one-way. lots of cool cities cheapflights farecompare
has getaway deals through may, from one-way. lots of cool cities cheapflights farecompare
come back to phl already. we need you to take us out of this horrible cold. pleasecomeback
is the best airline i have flown on.easy to change your reservation,helpful representatives &amp; a comfortable flying experience
and again! another rep kicked butt! naelah represents your team so beautifully!! thank you!!!
your beautiful front-end design is down right now; but it was cool to still book my ticket b c all your back-end was secure.
love the team running gate e at las tonight. waited for a delayed flight, and they kept things entertaining
thanks to your outstanding nyc-jfk crew who moved mountains to get me home to san francisco tonight!
you have the absolute best team and customer service ever. every time i fly with you i'm delighted. thank you!
completely awesome experience last month bos-las nonstop. thanks for such an awesome flight and depart time. vabeatsjblue
you rock for making it so i can watch oscars on my flight!! redcarpet oscars oscars
always!!! xoxo
best customer service rep in the world! irmafromdallas takes the cake!!!
you have amazing staff &amp; super helpful as i just ran the princesshalf they have spoiled me with comfort!!!
always have it together!!! you're welcome! you're so welcome.
flight home to dc sunset globe in' backtowinter back to work! refreshed
thank you for checking in. tickets are purchased and customer is happy ;-)
thank you for the follow
only way to fly! elevate gold
you will match my americanairlines status? cool!
thanks!
i love your guy's song! we're dancing to it for our high school dance revue
done! thank you for the quick response, apparently faster than sitting on hold ;)
cool picture of another virginamerica plane off our wing. what a site!
keep up the great work :)
thanks for a great flight from la to boston! pilots did a great job landing in the snow. can we go back to la now? seriously
thanks so much for the awesome support, you guys rock!
twitter team. you guys killed it for rescheduling me asap. thank you!
when are you putting some great deals from pdx to las or from las to pdx show me your love!
wish i can afford to fly with you next friday going back home.. love everything about your airline
like
you have the best flight attendant ever!!!
awesome! watch nominated films at feet. meetthefleet oscars
thanks so much!
the only airline based in silicon valley! disruption fcmostinnovative incubator
sounds like fun
classiq, luv virgin america. greetingz
thanks for your great customer service today &amp; for helping me get all my travel sorted out!
thanks guys! sweet route over the rockies airplanemodewason
love the s music blasting at gate in boston while waiting for flight to sanfrancisco. only if i could get an iced coffee!
thank you for the easy itinerary shift for impending weather. quick, painless &amp; free.
you're doing a great job adding little luxuries aesthetics that improve the air travel experience. thank you. keep it up!
thanks for gate checking my baggage on your full flight dfw-lax and giving me early boarding too sweet
i see what you did there ;)
your inflight team makes the experience amazing!
cutest salt and pepper shaker ever. just when i think you guys can't get any better you just do!
fav airline
we have a hot female pilot! sweet! dca to sfo! :-)
thank you!!
would love to do more for virgin just like i do for
loved it. can't wait for monday's return flight... mostly just to watch the inflight safety video again. sorrynotsorry
hi! just wanted to see if you have any new routes planned this year for newark. love flying you guys and hope to do so more!
i mean. probably inappropriate while on board.. but, it's on!
happy to spend the day together. let's do this!
.AT_USER they were very understanding and helped me out. thx! comps
how about some free drinks on the flight back for the free promo?
thanks!
thanks!
thanks for taking care of on her flight!! rockstars travel
thanks for the lovely soft views! travel san to sfo
i adore you, and am so looking forward to my flight to austin in two weeks.
i was so glad it was mentioned. i took my first virgin flight a few years back and it was a transformative experience.
first time flying virgin, went to sanfrancisco .thanks for the smooth ride. easily my new fav airline!
just promoting the product is all, had a problem with southwest and recommend noneother than the best!
love you guys, but pls get some direct routes las to aus!
of course! i work for and i'm obsessed with the entire virgin family!!
ok! first time flying with you tonight :)
flight booking problems last second flight for next week from sfo- to san any chance you want to gift me a promo code since i love you guys
for my grandma ella's th, she would &lt; a bday greeting from your flight crew! she was a stewardess for eastern airlines.
just bought tix for atx dallas route thanks for adding that! love yr airline &amp; yr website is best transactional site ever
gave a credit for my late flight flight yesterday. great service !!!! that's a wow moment! unexpected gesture!
had me at their safety video loved my first cross country flight. livewelltraveled sytycd
that doesn't look to fat to me! it looks yummy!
your planes are really pretty. just thought u should know that. :)
thank you
good to be home texas moodlighting
thanks for that. been needing a way to make those austin trips from dca, and now you've come through!
this is too cool! never been on ur planes but now i will!!
great. well deserved.
got it. all set thanks!
giants and virgin america. a match made in heaven.
thank goodness!! also, see you friday, nwk&gt;sf.. boom!
i luv ur people and product! thing is y do u charge for herbal tea but not black tea? i'm not a caffeine drinker
thank you! see y'all soon! i'm excited to see the expansion of destinations. spread those wings!
has the most incredible customer service i've ever experienced! so refreshing!
am i dreaming? did you really just open up a route between dallas and austin?! and does this mean houston might be next?
omg finally
thankyou the dal-aus route makes my day!!!!
awesome deals dal-aus for only each way!
love it, taking on in their backyard! consumers win when biz competes.
i am all about the in flight artisanal cheese and wine pairing.
that's classy.
i'm sure a lot of your and jfk-lhr flights go a lot faster than mph with a strong tailwind.
would have been a rough trip but luckily we were on a virginamerica flight. weather
another perfect flight. how come on your planes, the sun visors can stay down? other carriers make you raise them?
i love the dancing little richard. cool beans.
thanks for the free birthday points! y'all are all right with me!
thanks so much for sharing. just added it to my site
dad on segway is the best part of this whole infographic!
are there any plans for a short haul airline in europe? would defiantly fly with you guys :)
wifi and better seating.
.AT_USER not only was it great, but you return my calls the day after. couldn't ask for more. myvxexperience
so loyal that i'm driving to nyc from pa, to fly virgin, since you cut philly flights ;)
you guys are perfect as always! &lt; wervirgin
thanks! y'all have some of the best customer service left in the industry.
really wish you'd fly out of fargo those fares are amazings
just got on the pm in newark home to la. your folks at ewr are incredible letsgohome
flying lax to sfo and after looking at the awesome movie lineup i actually wish i was on a long haul.
thanks
thanks for taking care of that mr!! happy customer.
thanks -- we filled it out. how's our luck with this? is it common?
thanks
thanks. it is on the same ticket.
just wanted to let you know how wonderful rosetta the gate agent was working flight dan to ase. let her know she wasappreciated
thanks for your help...got me what i need, but its an issue with i guess i sit awhile longer.
"airport snow removal method ..." keep up the good work folks, this is where cessna's become 's!
thank you for that. am i able to claim any interim expenses or is the cost of the stuff up on me?
i flew united last month and the experience was awesome!
which also had working wc in coach. good thing this bird landed ahead of schedule. i have to use the wc stat.
for the record- rozana at newark was lovely and helpful. choosekind
thx for update
despite my bag not making it to newark good informative email tracking updates help!
wow. what a deal. again, plus seats available. easy change to make a customer happy.
private jet would have been cool! do does not work. i'll try again
thanks, just sent :)
has unrivalled access to california with flights to the u.s. from uk airports, with nonstop or one-stop connections year-round
thnx for the info
kudos for not cancelled flightling flights from dfw this morning. united usually first to panic...
another awesome new plane flight and extremely nice captain steve connolly.
every united flight between saipan and guam is an adventure! you never know when old plane will be operational :)
thank you for the cheese platter and abundance of entertainment options. time just flew by.
thank you. been trying for two days to set this up.
definitely a compliment! i really thought my bag was lost after it was sent on to another airport. in the end i am a happy customer
thanx so much. you followed through and emailed me a ticket voucher. unitedairlines they do care
this will definitely be a trip to remember ewr-sti second of the season, first on seat a because it pays to be loyal!
we just flew with united from aus (austin bergstrom) to cancun intl. best flight ever! the 's are not too big... not too small!
flight ua gate b and tell ray i somehow made it on to the flight out of iah and didn't have to wait for the one. :)
but thanks for asking
you too!
is my favorite airline.
man i can't wait to book my ticket now! thanks jp you're a life sabe
you guys continue to impress me in houston.
not just refunded, but for those of us who are on vacation to get a free room night to make up for making us sleep in dia
thanks for the reminder. it's been a fun ride.
terrific. many thanks. looking forward to being back on ua tomorrow. had a great flight up to vancouver.
i appreciate your efforts getting me home!
despite shaky connections, looks like i'll get home tonight. great job, was touch and go for a while..
thank you.
thanks we'll be in touch!
thanks to karen salisbury at iah for amazing customer service! found my daughter's bag lost on ua made her day!
i left my comment with customer care. thanks for contacting me.
captain "on behalf of the front office, welcome on board.".... never heard that before. i laughed...hard. funnycaptain
these are great fares!!!!!
awesome i'll book my next christmas vacatinn this december any other ways you want to devalue mileage plus.
thank u! secured room for the night thx to very helpful customer service rep n. dorns.. i thanked her.. can u goodenoughmother
thank you. i flew into newark from vail eagle.
denver international airport
thank you for responding so quickly with a helpful tool!
thank you. took care of everything and made it right. that's the experience i'm used to. opened the app to find flight changed.
that's exactly the point. it fits. i'm premier access. boarding group this was a return ticket. i've been doing this for yrs
thank you!
my favorite way to travel! thank you!
thank you
he has no priority and iove it
pleased to be a premier platinum
thanks for listening! i definitely was not the only person in line who thought it was absurd.
ok. i just submitted. thanks for the opportunity to give feedback.
big thanks to ms. winston for assisting me over the phone with a baggage claim issue today. she really went the extra mile!
i will, as soon as i am done with my article. thanks! ~tom
ok thank again for your help!
flight ...plane from sfo to den is basically on time.
thanks. just a program comment; the system assigned seats behind each other even though pairs were available. i changed it back.
please than robin at ewr premiere desk for helping me get on a an earlier flight. she did the work. huge thanks.
that would help! or how about integrate it into the app so i can just "activate" it and surf...
thank you for your kindness. your agents went above &amp; beyond to get my stranded family home.
ok thx!
great to hear thankyou so much. greatly appreciate your replies. feel much more settled now.
counter agents at rdu deserve a medal. thankyou
thank you. literally called for preboarding as i ran up.
that's brilliant thankyou so much. is it classed as part of carryon?
thank you for listening to my compliant and doing the right thing. i appreciate you working with me
great! i'm ready to go home.
wow you even answered back! awesome! that's customer service!!! usairwaysfail
outsource it all united airlines...your customers are just loving you for it. outsource. outsource. outsource.
thank you! you need to follow back tho otherwise i can't dm you. x
just sent! thanks :)
thank you very much for the help. we're do i pick up my bags aspen airport &amp; are they coming in today on flight
would love help getting there today. in ewr now. will take any airline and connections. thx
thank you!
thanks for the update.
just confirmed a seat! crisis averted! beers won't be missed now
understood and thanks! i should have tried reaching out sooner.
the den b agent am) was amazing. the mpagent at check in? she sucks.
traveling with who is injured. gate agent in chicago was awesome helping her. ty roadwarrior
thanks!
been solved, they finally picked up the second time i called, thanks for the response jh! to dulles works!
has the best customer experience via twitter huge fan!!!
love the new st class breakfast!
thanks for looking into this and for getting back to me via dm. glad to hear my bag is finally being delivered to me. thanks again!
flew from sdf to atl to tampa on delta. left early. arrived early. crew helpful. wifi worked!!
cool. thank you.
i'd like to thank and recognize terri p at dulles for going out of her way to get me back on my raleigh flight
was able to send the dm. all good now.
have michelle at t ord train your other staff on how to treat customers. a refreshing pleasure to deal with.
thanks for the upgrade today great way to start my week! cc:
i am impressed with your super-fast reply to
hi jp, with the help of an awesome tsa representative, i was able to get it all taken care of. thank you!
the staff was rather efficient and got us solutions just freaked me out a little being in limbo in the air.
i wanna be grand staff
i wanna be ride united airline! i love airplane
you're my early frontrunner for best airline! oscars
worked like a charm. bag was waiting on the carousel when we got to baggage claim. welldone goodflight friendlysky
will do. thanks for the help. cheers
i have flights with you in the next two weeks :) let's make some good memories!
he is so excellent and so reliable :) happycustomer
it was delivered! thank you for making sure it arrived at my doorstep!
thank you!
i was sincerely thanking the pilot of flight of braving the snow and getting me home amongst many other cancelled flightlations.
thanks! lol! ua will wait for us. per same tail number as ua :)
bummer but thank you for the quick response
they let us know in advance of the reboot, yes :) thanks for the attentiveness!
wanted to compliment ur phone agent jeanette for reflight booking problems rdu to sea thru sfo after connecting flight thru ewr was cancelled flightled.
social media team is on point on oscarnight :)
thank you for following up!
claudia in iah terminal b travel assistance has me all set. great service. thank you.
denver baggage handlers you totally impressed us today. our lungs barely made the run to connect but our bags had no problem! den
thanks, it was my first time in a united lounge and felt welcomed.
can cancelled flight my flight anytime if this is where they keep me for the night..
resolved. over hour of work on ground &amp; somehow the system reset itself during takeoff. i appreciate the quick response service.
and to add to my earlier tweet. this was my daughters th bday present. thank you for the hard work and making it happen.
you have a guy named otis at ord that knows what customerservice is. he was able to get my bag to me. i upgraded just to be sure
you all do a wonderful job today. got my wife, daughter, and myself from pgh to orlando after out flight was delayed luggage and all
nope. even better there were seats. and due to w&amp;b first to raise hands got to move up. i wasn't fast enough.
it was such a lovely part of this long day attendants on ua (most) ua were beyond exceptional today. givethoseladiesraise
i trust you enough to put my coat in my checked bag!
finally made it to rep, who solved my problem.
thanks gate agent extraordinaire seau fong for helping me get re-booked out of boise and (hopefully) home to nyc sometime tonight!
thank y'all for being an amazing airline who knows how to treat their customers. you guys rock!
went to customer service kiosk and they were able to help out! still thanks for following up!
nope all set. thx for checking.
on denver ap, gate b (destination santa fe), agent ashley did an amazing job in the face of an angry traveler. kudos.
i should be fine. they automatically changed my connecting flight for me so i wouldn't miss it. a+ work.
thx off the response, finally got through the min wait and talked to someone.
thx, just dm'd. conf 's mqxc &amp; mpwnc any help appreciated
this is why i fly ... never have any issues
great flight into pvd. smallest plane i have ever been on and smoothest landing ever!
thanks so much my passport was recovered
thanks. just got on a couple of minutes ago. great service on flight btw. please pass it to the team on that flight.
your agents (and service) on my weekend trip have been amazing!!! thank you!!
will do. just need to get cvg.... and my bag too. thanks
we got it, thanks.
this is probably the least dependable airline in the western hemisphere. does not belong in star alliance, but skyteam
it was very comfortable, now waiting for our luggage
thank you
finally got through and they were very helpful. appreciate it!
thanks for the effort. i can get the earliest. though i will make a complaint for a refund as i am losing one business day tomorrow
thank you!
worked out after all. thanks for your immediate reply!!
nicole at quito airport took great care of us this week. handled lost baggage, seat changes. very professional nice. pat her back.
thanks for leaving our year old in his own row flight lax-iad
thank you
very quick! ty. i am sorry to hear this. can you please follow and dm me the details of what transpired? ^jh
just did! thank you!
thank you!
i am thank you!
thank you for flying me out of the mess at iad and out to san diego.
thank you but the person in houston could only get me a flight routing through newark, nj and i'm going to sfo
my bag reference id number is ind m. thanks for looking at it.
one lady helping the of us with luggage
met with agent. all taken care of. thx for reply
i still like you united airlines
thanks for the epic service on always a pleasure- outstanding crew
just sent a dm. thank you for the acknowledgment.
thank you! much appreciation for your help.
such a relaxing space for a drink before my flight! (at global first lounge)
what a really great &amp; flattering story about you! you should be very proud :) (via
so is that two seats avail so far for us.
from denver. we just boarded! fingers crossed we get into the air!!!
thanks for the upgrade- please try to get my company to approve more business class travel.
hubby made it by the skin of his teeth! :)
thank you! excited to be working with you guys!
tonight you made this fred flintstone happy with an upgrade to st class.
that's great! pls let me know when u start!
thanks ... not sure arranged move to the earlier flight but i'm at the gate with a seat assignment. super nice agent at gate c ord
i see. thanks for explaining.
after an hour+ wait, my issue is resolved. i did contact customer service to comment on the wait time. thanks for contacting me.
yes, they did. must have fixed the broken ramp. thanks!
thanks
kurt and the crew on ua were amazing today. they made my son's birthday with their kindness. hope to fly with them again soon!
as a million miler with ua, and flying almost every week i observe gate and flight crews committed to good operations
thanks, we did.
thank you for compensating us for our lost bags. we will fly with you again! unitedairlines
i just asked my boyfriend to prom over the loudspeaker on flight he said yes!!!! best day ever!!! thank u so much!!!!!!
so appreciated!
hmmm...seems like this could be something to be changed to be more flyerfriendly.
no problem just follow me back so i can! thank you!
this flight has been amazing. this is the best flight i have ever been on i am not kidding. service is incredible!
the upgrade to first class was a nice way to fix your earlier mistake. thank you!
rhonda c. at atlanta airport redeemed you guys. she got us straightened out.
hi there, looks like my connection is delayed too so i'll make it. thanks!
cldnt be happier w the many plastic wing pins given to me on flight i love them! amazing staff! so nice
thanks for the reply. if you can get me a better seat on my next leg to munich. that would be nice.
thank you for taking care of my mom and reflight booking problems her flight in phl.
ill check it out, appreciate the response, regardless.
was phenomenal frm gate (sea) to gate (iad)
.AT_USER thanks. hopefully this is easily resolved.
i will. thanks.
they finally gave in a let him on. after they threatened to send him back to vegas on coach. thnx.
gave me a smile today, with a zero award... ;-) computers have some sense of humour :-)
all flights cancelled flighted :( trip refunded without difficulty, staff extremely helpful, no complaints! way to handle bad weather!
thank you for the help!!
you're good. thank you!
wasn't frustrating! well, not in any way relate flightd to y'all, anyway. impressed that i made it.
oh, the wi-fi router is on top of the fuselage! ;)
very impressed so far. an app that's worth a damn and sms updates on my flight.
thank you. it's my daughters th bd party w proj. weather cond, it doesn't look promising. please assist with earlier flts to cmh?
will the kudos to capt. herman be relayed to his chief pilot or should i be emailing someone?
good job at cle .. tpa on schedule ... to inches of snow
is elp friendly. flyerfriendly united emb elpaso
provide a voucher for one of my customers and i will tweet about you all day long earnedmybusiness
stellar customer service. you have earned my business by your attention to detail.
service by staff was great as usual. cleanliness and smells a bit much. i'll be back. satisfied traveler
hey you've upgraded me on a hour international flight. i forgive you :-) thank you!
yes to more food! add some gluten free options while you're at it
thank you for a great flight in gfc :) cheers
they held the plane! made it!!
nice and early back home!
i hope so too :)
i'll make sure he's done that. thanks for the help. this is a huge race for him and just trying to make sure it goes smoothly. peace
will you fill it? yes they will. thanks! bringyourown,
.AT_USER this flight attendant was extremely helpful to a woman who had a hard time walking. very touching!
dm sent. thanks.
brian at sfo customer service deserves a raise, gave me extra meal voucher and a good joke to cheer me up after flight delay. ftw
thank you! have a nice evening.
no thanks. took care of it when i called
awesome thank you very much for the help
thanks to lea in the chicago office for her help in switching our cancelled flighted flights!!
thank you so much for your help with my birthday trip! tickets are confirmed! :-)
thank you.
great landing in denver, next rapid city. snow starting to fall...florida everglades is a faint sunburn away...here comes the cold!
looking forward to flying with you guys as well !!
bag was finally delivered and intact. thanks for your assistance.
you guys made my day. treated me well. thank you!!!
don't know her last name, but karen at your call center is terrific. friendly, helpful. terrific representative. kudos.
thank you! good service, safe flight... way home!
both flights went great and improved my view of your airline, cheers! flight attendents on ua deserve a raise
i just received notification of in-flight wi-fi for ua from to amazing!
give her the recognition she deserves!
she's the type of person that can make a customers day! i fly times a year &amp; she's one of the top flight attendants i've had!
you suck. you're the best.
thank you
thank you for the reply. i will fill out the form and submit it as requested. good to know you're paying attention!
gate agent alavera is amazing
flight experiences r often frustrating, but day on ua from chi to wpg flight attendant april was amazing! she's of the best!
free booze for the bach party would make it better! ord--&gt;msy delayed again we will enjoy either way. thanks!
all good man it isn't your fault that plane is having maintenance issues
when are you coming back to you have a huge east bay customer base due to sfo and *i* miss you!
thanks! i will catch my conection! :)
thank you. any help is appreciated.
thanks for moving my dad on to my my mom's flight. you helped make his birthday start with friendlyfriday awesomeness! paws up!
thank you.. appreciate the response
thank you thank you thank you for contacting me. thank you for the offer of a travel certificate unitedairlines
sent a dm just now. thanks i am incredibly happy the fast response i got via twitter than via customer care. thank you
perfect! that works! thank you!
mechanical issue. looks like they got it fixed! thanks for your concern.
thanks
on the plane but thanks! maybe don't let so many people check in by themselves teeming with morons.
looks like they came through. thanks again for the help.
since when did you get so good again! transcontinental flights in h. what a pleasure relief you were.
thanks!
thanks for prompt response. another hour to enjoy vacation! perhaps a bug in the app as it still shows
appreciate the sentiment and you were able to get me off the ground;still missed connection
thank you for your prompt assistance.
thanks for more timely updates.
baggage check in and in flight crew the friendliest ever flight# ogg to lax !!!
thank you for your offer! all sorted out :-)
i think this is the best first class i have ever gotten!! denver to lax and it's wonderful!!!
of course not. the inflight crew was great!
well played, ^lo.
the pilot of ua just landed this plane like he was gently placing us into a pile of whipped cream. smoothest landing ever.
a big thanks to ^mn and ^kn or patiently clarifying the united domestic world to me.
thank you so much, that helps a ton. whoever is on this twitter acct today deserves a handshake and a hot chocolate flight. problemsolvers
can't wait!!! !!!
love being told you would issue a refund when you couldn't get us out of the way of a hurricane to have it denied
thnx!
aw, thanks for the kind words. totally makes these extra hours sitting in an airport soooo much better.
as u might imagine, this former pilot was particularly touched by the gesture. please let the fo know keepingtraditionsalive
just sent thank you!
good fly!! united businessfirst
thanks, i made it.
thanks! just dmed hn.
enjoyed heathrow lounge so much i almost missed my flight!
hi, flight if i try and book a new one way, flight departure shows up as pm which seems accurate.
please send me the link email to formally compliment irene in slc on some of the best customer service ever. paxex
thnx ^lo :-)
in spite of flight delay great customer service provided by janet and baggage employee karen. you have wonderful employees united.
always makes our cross country flights rad. here's baby flier charlotte! thtime monthsold
-huge kudos to the fo of sunday's flt sjo-iad. handed my daughter her first pair of wings! keeping traditions alive.
awesome new plane flight
flt capt herman is amazing! came out before flight to play "ask the captain anything." wonderful ambassador to the airline!!
thank you for a wonderful global first class flight on your to fra. great service. (cont)
alright thank you. much appreciated.
thanks yup i'm all set. it happens. slc ground staff were prompt, helpful and courteous.
thank you so much. how will you be able to contact me?
i got it at the gate, thanks for checking!
i especially like how you upgraded three of your crew members to first class instead of passengers. keepitclassy customerservice
please do! she went above and beyond what she had to do, she made us her number one priority!
you guys are awesome! thanks!
thnx
anna palm springs gate deserves a medal! handled ppl missing flights like a pro!
great customer service again. thanks!
thanks, that would be awesome.
nawww. united is my fave airline.
thanks, keep up the good work
reflight booking problemss in last days and each time united wait time was &lt; seconds! kudos to you for excellent customer service!
sent you my confirmation via dm. thank you very much
that would be great k us
just got my lost kindle in the mail! thanks again.
leaving soon. thanks!
had wonderful, on time flights from ogg to msn lost rx eyeglasses (thick) in the admiral club in chicago this morning. found?
thanks for the reply. i have been in contact with customer care to get clarification on this issue.
thanks for the help. wish the phone reps could be so accomidating
i'll stick with my united flight. thanks, though. effort is much appreciated.
fair enough. i don't usually rant, but it's good to know someone's listening. :)
thank you for the delta transfer. will my bags go too?
we were able to get on the moon flight! just got to our hotel in puerto rico! thank you!
i was well taken care of, thanks. i've already been sent a survey request &amp; i'll share my positive experience (despite delay)
thanks! everything a-ok now.
dm sent. thanks so much for the strong customer service!!
ok thanks. i sent you a dm too. you can disregard that.
perfect! thank you!
has the best pilots ever thank you guys for the great trip thatisall
i will thank you!
thanks for making sure they hear the message!
my home for the next hrs. gfc! :)
thank you.
i have to admit that not only the app is good but have lots of useful func (such the "live" seat map). congrats
kind of cool to run into your boss man at sfo.
got a call. bag is to be delivered tonight. thanks for your reply!!
global first class lounge ord menu. yummy!
pleasantly surprised with quality of service and flight.flew lga-cle-den. friendly crew. love the concept of byod worksnicely
thank you. i will address it with them
so sorry. i ended up on us air flight. thank you though for getting back to me:)
great way to start my vacation with an on time departure! looking forward to my global first class suite!
thank you for responding so promptly! i look forward to the kms drive to the office to file a claim.
that would be great
you're welcome.
flt ewr to sfo excellent service. friendly flight attendants. made the am flight a very good start to the day.
yes :d (y) from on instagram :)
joni did a great job on flight to lax. thanks for a great flight.
so far so good. just stepped down in denver. next stop portland!
orthodoc on-call to in-flight! glad to have been of service!
flight attendant regains karma by giving big sweaty dad cold water. guy was running &amp; carrying his daughter. last one onboard.
i just want shout out a thank the pilots and staff on the feb flight from newark to boston at pm. they were super helpful!
keep the flights cheap and early on time and you are good. flew and cancelled flightled my flight times last month. united&gt;
message sent. thank you!
followed and messaged. thanks so much for the help.
thanks jt
thank you! off to la to do something very special.
thanks for the quick reply! i just fill in the form idnumber hopetogetanswersoon
that's fine. i'll take them.
thank you! my second flight i already got bumped up to st! love it!
all goods, i'll call tomorrow, thanks.
please give special thanks to aaron in tampa office for helping me for literally two hours! he's amazing. mission accomplished!
did i win :)
flight to rsw tonight -me &amp; twin year olds. a pilot who was in row by me stayed to help me get the boys &amp; bags off. lifesaver!!
yes, thx! at (landed at ).
i forgot that intl flights out of lax don't go from intl terminal! easiest re-check in ever! woo!
okay, thank you for your help :)
thanks
is the best way to re-unite me with my one true love, shopping in usa's fashion capital newyork unitedvusa
okay thanks for your help, jt! i appreciate your time!
was there few weeks ago awesome,bright vibrant, and no habitrails
no worries after everyone boarded, the cushions were brought in. took a while, but they made it here.
very good flight, thank you!
yes lhrt lounge is fantastic, if only the us ones could be remotely similar!
thanks, i will!
is officially my favorite airline. they have created magic for me all day!!! friendlyskies careyon
we had a wonderful flight attendant named leah that was with us from lga to den, then den to anchorage!
i was protected on that flight by gate agent kerry at las. she also did an excellent job getting me to my destination today. thanks!
your staff, both on deck and in the cabin on ua sfo -&gt; bos were exceptional today. please tell them well done :)
landing in anchorage, then on our way to fairbanks!
thnx
i will admit, you've been rather good to me over the years. you've still got me hooked. (for now!) peace.
it's kinda funny. no worries.
great. looking forward to your response to my dm then
thank you for getting our daughter home when cancelled flightled all their flights to nashville
thanks for the re-upgrade to st class. it may be a min flight, but it is appreciated.
done thnx
honestly, i stopped trying to report things via website. now i just laugh. flights work. miles accrue. i'm sure it's just cosmetic.
houston-bogota boarding again, safety first, it seems the mechanics fixed the problem faster, good energy to fly home family
have reported it. still in istanbul at the moment apparently. on the other plane haha. hats off to the pilot!
hey awesome! thanks for the reply, will be filling the form out!
they are all -pilots, fa and ground personnel doing a great job. weather is to blame... who do i talk to about that :)
will have to try standby in denver tonight or will have to cancelled flight father son trip till next year. thx for trying.
well, thanks for not charging me for switching my two cancelled flightled flights anyway. that was pretty nice. stillmakingmepoorthough
well it is john hughes' birthday. but i will stick w the plane &amp; hold off on trains &amp; automobiles. gate workers are doing well.
thank you! love united!! have flights today!
just did, thanks for checking! :)
fantastic job by your people today on ua from dublin. a jam packed plane but the crew was wonderful!!
can i just go ahead and live in your premium cabins? i'm in heaven now en route to lhr
thank you!
thanks it's very helpful to understand that the reduced price seats that are sold at check-in have priority over the certificates.
thank you margo at houston's bush intercontinental for getting me home earlier.
sweet, follow back and i'll get the dm off
boeing star alliance short finals l on an amazing winters morning avgeek
i am blown away by stellar custserv !! thank you &lt;
you have the nicest gate attendant at newark airport gate right now. multiple delays and she is still pleasant with everyone.
thanks for explanation. it seems like an odd incentive structure, tho, because it dramatically diminishes the value of the certs.
it's amazing really.
thank you. there was one here a few months ago, but none now. weird you don't have a club in one of the busiest airports in the us.
flew ord to miami and back and had great crew, service on both legs. thanks
no worries your customer service gets a bad wrap but just spoke w agent who saved me huge amounts of time &amp; apologized for yesterday
thanks to supervisor miriam who provided me with great customer service. finally
-today the staff msp took customer service to a new level. my father passed away last night &amp; you helped me get home today! thanks
great, thank you!
sorry to hear outsourcing plan. boise is best staff cust service in the country. boise
cool, thanks.
you delayed a connection for customer service today now i'll be able to pay my final respects to a dear family member. thank you :)
you guys have such big hearts.. keep up the good work
received my bag. i appreciate taking care of the matter and following up!
:take note of this great example of actually making good for an extremely inconvenient situation.
that made me so mad, but then i called the bag number, and that person was helpful and told me where the bag really was.
the only thing you fella have done right today is get me to the pacific time zone.
big up the pilot of for turning hr on the tarmac to just a min delayed arrival
sivi stewart at lax was fantastic tonight helping to find a lost item for us at the airport. much thanks!
got me home amid snow &amp; cancelled flightlations; delivered bag w o hassle; plus no wait on phone &amp; an upgrade. thank you!
be "chicago's hometown airline" care about your neighbors savethediagonals flyquiet ordnoise
give cyndi &amp; troy each a gold star.
our flight attendant was super helpful in finding a bag we left on a flight today. excellent customer service. name fits.
and they were traveling as guests of a mileage plus member using that members miles. great customer service.
bringing your "a" game with premium cabin dining. nice!
i think she was having a rough moment w a bad passenger from an earlier flight. things got considerably better. thanks!
awesome. thx. and thx for replying so damn fast, sure as hell beats s cheeze hold music!!
thanks for not getting my businessfirst priority tagged bag onto my connecting flight at ewr despite a hour layover. nice job
amazing flying over miles on unitedairlines &amp; alliance last year; still got jilted out of status! moneyelsewhere
she met me from customer service at the arrival of flight ua pvd-iad. thanks, you guys have really handled this storm!
ooh thanks!
thanks for all the help! totally appreciate it and you made it super easy too
thanks! :)
elizabeth at washington dulles just hooked me up with a new connecting flight at my gate! i'm super pleased!
thanks!
you might be dealing with frustrated passenegers. hope you all have a great day :) thank you very much for an amazing airline :)
thank you! i wish the lady in little rock had told me that in the morning when i asked her
thank you for the speedy response! i figured it may be something of that nature. you guys and your "fine print," haha
holy high speed internet batman! speeds at united club at iad are insanely fast! thanks
thanks for the timely service &amp; great staff getting my wife and me to and from cancun this past week for our honeymoon.
done just now, thanks.
sure did! only waited about min. yay!
took this picture on thursday. awesome
is expiring the offer to buy or transfer united mileageplus miles with discount? many offers during a year
looks like i'm settled in to where i'm going. thx.
thanks, ^kp. please also mention the quiche breakfast and tandoori chicken dinner entrees and accompaniments are truly first class.
on a good note, the employees i encountered newark were fabulous. i was very late flight for my connecting flight and they got me on!!!
doing a good thing, holding flight for a few for peeps on late flight connecting flight. we'll still make destination on time
stay warm i will be passing through chicago next week
wifi onboard far superior in pricing and performance (user-perceived bandwidth and late flightncy) to recent experiences.
thankful for great service in newark. seats fixed and i was seated with my daughter! fab landing in fort myers!
brandi zabsonre in denver deserves a raise for bringing delight into a terrible travel situation. big ups
pleasantly surprised to find ana has made major upgrades on their transpacific route in flights, planes and service
no worries about the tweets. we all should do what we can to make sure we, as in your tag line, "fly the friendly skies."
i am thankful to the united ground staff who put me in the last seat on the last flight out. home late flight is still home!
i appreciate the follow up.
thank you for the new club at o'hare. very comfortable. you made the difficult weather days proficient and enjoyable.
new apple crã¢pe, amazing! live from ua really nice crew too. americanair has biscuits, ua needs them
thank you so much completely made things right!
love them! always get the best deals!
thx. make it right. help meagan fouty brancato fl# dfw gate preboard w kids b group a please. please.
thanks southwest for saving our trip. my sweetheart isn't going to miss seeing altonbrownlive thanks to y'all! sohappy
never mind, i moved my flight to tomorrow. thanks for the help!
i managed to get sorted out over the phone. good luck dealing with the snow in texas!
weather bc of system outage. hopefully everything goes smoothly now. thank you for follow up
i used to always fly southwest.
thank you for your awesome flights. sweetheart got screwed on managed to scramble and get a sw plane today. !!!
thanks so much!
round-trip tickets just arrived for our auction at the post-masters invitational! thanks southwest!
tv stream means i get to spend my flight watching and women's world cup finals. throwback bestflightever
i'd at least enjoy a free cocktail...or two.
i agree! news: one airline is the fly-away favorite at dia newsbusiness
"airport snow removal method .." keep up the good work folks, this is where cessna's become 's!
thx for your quick response and action! bf will make good use of the voucher satisfied happycustomer
thanks! sent a dm to you. let me know if oyu need any additional information.
strives to be 'customer centric' in everything they do communications, advertising, customer journey, etc. anamarketers
customer centricity is knowing people anamarketers
ok thank you i hope so too
moms, careers, day trip to la. intuitlife leanin southwestairlines
is the best airline hands down. amazing customer service, bags free and affordable flights. happycamper
thanks to ella-mae at las counter for going above and beyond to help us get back to abq after our flight was cancelled flightled!
thank you for taking good care of people with als!
has the smoooothest flight attendants. southwestsmoothie
thank you for the tip!
thanks to your team for dealing with flight to houston.
bumped me to preboard on both flights (because i'm fat?) whatever the reason, thanks!
we left ipad in a seat pocket. filed lost item report. received it exactly week late flightr. is that a record? unbelievable
can anyone help me upgrade to buisness select !? cant seem to get hail of the right area at all .. i know you guys are good
loving the new planes and the lighting, only wish windows were larger.
cool shot of the moon and one of your fleet
looking forward to flying once again with swa on friday! the luv airline. dtw mdw tus
i love this airline so much! thanks so much! the service is great! the snacks are amazing! everything is outstanding thanks!!
had a great flight to and from cabo last week with my family smoothflight frequentflyer
the fact that u see black history month months a year is honorable! we will be an economic base for corp. like u in future!
in flight wifi wifi calling makes for the best combination. who doesn't love texting feet in the air :d
great day in the air.
thanks!
thanks for two smooth, safe and fast flights! boston houston luvswa
i really love your customer service lou ann in phx rocks. thanks sw. be ourguest
katie, gate c denver international, fantastic customer service helping me and new flyers; thx for amazing staff!
crew on flight is awesome! tell them i sent this tweet and maybe they will give me free wifi... canthurtasking
happy to enter your sweepstakes again nutsaboutsouthwest
beyond ready
is my favorite airlines. i've never had issues with them. plus there crew is entertaining.
following. thank you.
it's all good. thanks!
thank you :)
thank you thank you thank you!!! my last attempt to win destinationdragons tickets was a success! i could not be happier!! :)
flight (phx to lax) wheels stop. glad to be home! thanks to the professionals both up front and in the cabin!!!
eyes next steps for improving inflight wifi runway girl
-mdw san flt attendant melissa was awesome! fast, smiling, great. after weather cancelled flight day b it was welcome
thank you. great customer service so far. accidents happen i understand. hopefully everything works out.
thanks for the quick response. should i call daily it wait the days.
seeing your workers time in and time out going above and beyond is why i love flying with you guys. thank you!
travel agent darrel here at love field hosting a paper airplane contest to entertain all the children was so awesome to see!
big kudos to your staff today at dallas love field for lifting everyone's spirits today with all the delays and cancelled flightlations
it's not fun having a delay from nashville to las vegas, but the crew at the gate c desk has been awesome! patience luvswa
never got to the strip that fast before. stoked for special show tonight! thx again
telling my fam in vegas now. :)
thank you!
what can we do to bring you back to jackson, ms?! we miss you terribly around here. these other airlines are horrible!!
hours and degree difference. yes please!! mht to mco
looks like bellagio to me! good luck people! see you at the show at vinyl
can a pair of tickets waiting for me after my sports practice? i live here and definitely know where that is!
love southwest. you guys have been good to me!
your crew on is doing a great job of keeping everyone informed during the delays givethemraises
really easy for locals to get down to the strip. book.
luv! your new luv television commercials. traveled on your airline last year return trip from nyc...feltthelove
netneutrality nice to see you prioritize internet traffic to your own streaming service over other web sites!
thanks for getting us to paradise safely!
just go ahead and start the scavenger hunt after pm today when work is over ;) destinationdragons
awesome staff at the check in desk! they had a paper airplane race for a sw gift card to keep ppl entertained during delays
just got a call apologizing personally for the long waits last week trying to rebook flights. class act. i appreciate that!
your terry is our hero! got my husband back thru security to retrieve cellphone left on plane in austin. terry u rock!
your terry is our hero! got my husband back thru security to retrieve cellphone left on plane in austin. terry u rock!
your terry is our hero. got my husband back thru security to retrieve his cellphone in austin. terry (# you rock!
thanks, you guys are the best
i'll stick with flying for free any where that southwest goes; my son works for this wonderful company and moms fly free.
love the passbook update. used it the day after it was released. finally!! thank you!
a+ to the safety dos and don'ts announcer. flight from midway (mdw) to pittsburgh (pit)!
another great trip! lax las bna. thanks so much!!!
got help from a nice lady on the phone in georgia. thank you!
thanks for the quick reply! i travel a lot...but not that much, lol.
thanks. i did go through these motions shortly after my flight yesterday. i wonder how quickly flight attendants are notified.
nice touch on the passbook integration!
awesome. thanks! you guys rock!
thanks for adding passbook ability! hopefully we can do group passbook tickets in the future somehow.
they arrived late flight but pilots got us to dia on time. impressive outstanding greatservice allgood
i would appreciate that. thank you.
glad to know i'll be flying the luv airline tomorrow ;)
thank you for great customer service. trying to make it to san antonio and your staff and alerts have been helpful. boo ice!
open seating is like an open marriage, there's so much love for strangers!
and this is why i love flying southwest. excellent service, and you don't take yourselves too seriously!
what's even better is the price changed in the minutes since i talked to the lady and they still honored the cheap
thanks! confirmation number just dmed. appreciate any help!
just sent dm. thanks for your attentiveness to this matter.
me on one of your planes!!! thanks for taking me arizona
thanks
have sent you a dm with the details. thanks!
thank you for the confirmation. maybe people on my flight have directional dislexia.
you know what'd be beyond awesome? a pair of tickets to the show in atl. a girl can dream destinationdragons
yes i was everything worked out great
show me some love and a companion flight~please and thank you!
loved it!
you're my early frontrunner for best airline! oscars
.AT_USER thx for the follow up. just sent dm
ty for your consideration!
crew of wn san-sfo was brilliant! rita was hilarious. i know i've been down on you before, but this was a great flight
thanks! very excited to see it :d
thanks for helping my mom after wouldn't let her get on her plane in orlando! you're the best! customerservice
kudos to the crew of flight to grr for making a very special memory for a sweet young passenger, and her momma. well done
all good... beers and oscars ar dia
luv my companion pass!
thank you!!
we're pulling off the runway now! making new friends with seat mates. thanks for the response cb.
it's ok! southwest is still the best airline around! just hate when baggage room runs out.. my now checked bag has headphones!
beautiful view flying into san jose, ca this evening
thank you swa and shannon g. (c for being a miracle worker! awesome
yes please
i changed my flight through st. louis. thanks for the reply though!
have had a companion pass for a few years and my wife and i use it all the time. thanks southwest for making travel easy!
constantly providing wonderful views and service! southwestluv
lol i already am i am a card member as well too lol i enjoy flying with you guys
th anniversary on april th. still. sweethearts. companions. lifetime. sons. families. love.
yes please....how do we get that companion pass?
yes please!
i miss mine terribly. a for my th anniversary would be amazing. it would mean luv is in the air. dontmakemebeg
i (heart) my cp status. sure would be nice to have though.
redcarpet southwest companion pass would be great!
i want one!
sign me up!
that would be brighter than all the stars combined on the red carpet tonight!
got mine! just in time for the wife and my th anniversary!
i love my companion pass (qualified th year). hollymais
i continue to be amazed by the amazing customer service. thank you swa!
yes, please.
sign me up!
just got mine..now where to go??
thanks connection thru nashville have a boarding pass get to dallas gate boarding min before flt get end of b group
weather keeps slowing us down. not your fault. this is the st time a southwest flight of mine was late flight so i can't complain :)
thanks.
has a beautiful fleet. what a perfect evening to fly!
thanks. only a minor delay so not a big deal. :)appreciate the concern though. boarding now. you do have amazing service!
thank you!
ohk. thank you!!! b c of the inexpensive airfares that southwest has i can now travel around.
mad love nyc-
my fav!!!!
just got it back about mins ago. went about hrs w o it but i appreciate the support. voucher for essentials.
is hosting an party in the terminal in atlanta. peanutsonaplatter
just watched crew on flight help elderly lady off plane...firstclass
you guys rule. i will dm you. &lt; thank you.
good to be back. see you all again in several weeks.
stewardess really funny! now i could get the gent next to me to use some headphones, this would be the perfect flight!
think you have great people working for you.
way to go flying out of denver today! must be the only airline not cancelled flighting delaying flights! flyswa denverairport
was in a line a mile long at sky harbor this morning. your staff was courteous and expeditious. thank you. onechildfourbags
just realized i had the wrong departure date. thanks for making changes easy!
last week i flew from dal to lax. you got us in almost an hour early. thank you.
i will say that your customer service has consistently been the very best!!!
tfw appreciate the tweet back it was unexpected.
although the wait was long due to weather r scheduling, a phone call and super rep solved the issue! thank you!!
y'all are better then
make the world a better place: visit an elderly relative.
finally! a passbook option for the swa app. thank you!!!!!
i've dm'd you. thanks!
great flight yesterday from msy to aus!! thank you for such great safety,service and beautiful skies!!
great example of customer service this morning at msy headed to atl. alison and bobbi were fantastic! gate b thank you.
offers atlanta unprecedented perk
thx to customer service rep alex for his patient help in reflight booking problems a cancelled flighted flight and getting us where we have to be tmrw!
thank you for your help adam and to the awesome gate agents at b in las for getting us home!
southwest airline is the way to go!
thanks for getting me home from denver tonight despite the snow!
never lets me down!!!
the pilots&amp; crew on flt and customer service professionals at baggage claim are outstanding!! thank you!!
thanks for helping out! class act, all the way... see you in the air!
kudos for adding passbook to your app! i love it!
thx for the grand view today! flt seatac to phx. grandcanyon arizona wow love photography
i wanted to thank the great efforts of jamie mckinnie in buf she is a true pro! during major delays she was owning it! raise
thanks for making good on 's cancelled flightled flight.
just sent another drink coupons....i think i have over coupons now. free drinks anyone?
i love you southwest. i accept all your flight attendants and their many talents always! flyswa
flying with you in april, first time on southwest. can't wait!!! flew american airlines last time. was meh.
i'll do that. can't dm until you follow me. thanks!
thanks for sending my kid to the destinationdragons concert vegas so awesome!
yes! just a few minutes after my tweet. she was able to reschedule her flight. thanks!
gate attendant at mccarran c (vegas to dallas) went above and beyond. after a long day of frustration it was welcome.
three cheers to your denver staff. don't know if we will get out but they're keeping us smiling.
great blackhistorymonth commercial! thx! atl singer musician life blacklivesmatter
i hope i can be apart of the team with this job opening!
i made it! heading to denver, and your employees really are as pleasant as i just told someone your application asks. thanks!
thank you. i left my ipad on a plane, filled out a lost and found form. yall found it and shipped it back. thank you flysw
sent your way, thanks for the help.
y'all are fast we already have our winners! congrats!!
left my computer on the plane. two weeks late flightr they found it and sent it to me. greatservice. happy customer
that's an awesome library.
thanks so much just had to make a cancelled flightlation! i've sent u the info.
dm sent. thanks for the help!
luv swa myself and my employees use you always!!
is the best. case and point. happybirthday
incredible view! i had a smooth flight both ways even tho there was turbulence. your pilots rock!
thank u thank u thank u for coming through for us! i sincerely didn't think it would happen. &lt; swa thankyou
flight bna-rdu had the most excellent crew today
never felt better taken care of! indian aunties are the gold standard. thanks aruna!
that's a great fa right there.
dm sent. thank you.
.what a great first night. destinationdragons
finally through thx
hello southwestair i'm happy to be flying with you this morning dal-mdw looking forward to a comfortable fight
your attendants at the atl airport are awesome! very helpful with all the cancelled flightlations this morning.
flt crew orangecounty to denver is the best! weather delay but pilots just invited the kids to see the cockpit! luv
had an amazing experience with your staff at dia last night. i was blown away by their hospitality with my wife on crutches
had a great trip this past week to vegas for work; and had this pic over the southwest on southwest!
thanks the great service, staff, letting me change my flight times for free! pvd to the skies for me always on swa!
great flight! and great view!
is my favorite airline! i can't wait to book my flight to new orleans for my trip in april!! :) :)
loving the boarding to go to chicago keepitmovin'
hey southwest! i wanna go to see you guys are a lot better then jet blue.
hey sourhwest can you send me to atlanta to see i will fly southwest forever. u guys are the best airline!
great news.
is making dreams come true with their destinationdragons scavenger hunt! you can win a chance to see imagine dragons! go!
well plane arrived pretty much on time and it's degrees on the ground in texas. not much to complain about.
all's well. i got comped with multiple other bags which just made my day!
thanks for the ride to chicago. kmdw b
flt emer stop in albuquer for a heart condition, crew was awesome, pilot was maverick on the divert.
you guys held our flight thank you!!! about to take off from mdw now to oakland. thanks
first time flying with you. you've definitely won me over!
rocks! open letter to flight attendant. &lt; my child was inspired. thank you.
luved the sjc gate agent this am who boarded flight to dal. didn't get his name. he represents your brand so well.
thanks for an awesome flight and connection! we were delayed but your staff and crew were purely amazing!
great flight got us back on time! thanks
thx for smooth landing today midway, we applauded! now what can u do abt the weather? takemeback
not frustrated, just an idea! great crew. thanks! happycustomer
we had early bird, and it was great. your employees were awesome. it was passengers who killed the buzz.
you are lucky to have people like annamarie and norris at bwi. i hope they get recognized for excellent cust. service
i wish i would've seen this hours ago!!! i wanted to see them tonight so bad!!!! crying
i'll have to drop by next time i visit!
feels like a good day to fly!! thanks for the ontime departure to sna!!:) bestinclass ft takemehome
great trip on yesterday outstanding flight attendants
i'm on the flight! everyone has been so nice and helpful! i'm just hoping we'll get to fly out! thank you! ;)
thank you!
thank you. see u next wednesday in fll. save me some peanuts
i will do just about anything to go to the vegas show please man
got it taken care of! thank you &lt;
please acknowledge attendant jeff wernicke. beat in class and service on sw
so excited about our last minute trip to (and she doesn't know yet!)
thank you so much!!
rules.
happily, flight was not delayed when a cockpit visit blew my four-yr-old's mind. thanks, cap'n!
flight only an hour long but one of the best flights i've ever had. kudos to flight crew and airline in general.
thanks for being so good to us military folk. it's cold in stlouis but i sure enjoyed my flight.
oh i see what you did there! thanks for supporting padresst.
beautiful day in seattle!
this has to be the best video i have seen ever! teamspirit
thank you for your kind response. the acknowledgement and apology go a long way! southwestrocks
you guys rock! so easy, quick, and affordable to change my flight. bestairlineever neverchange
thank you for your help, shannon! great customer service,
thanks lindsey &amp; the southwest twitter team for great service &amp; a speedy resolution luvagent swa
please help. we really want to fly with you. guessweflyingdelta
thank you! dming now.
sea to den. south sound volleyball team on its way!
already booked my tickets for august th- th! can't wait for my vacation!
that's awesome! love flying swa!
thanks for the info and the quick response!
give this guy a raise....great start to flight from az to mke..
oh my gosh! going to dm you now! thank you!
thank you so much youre amazing im going to cry omg
hi! just wanted to see if you have any new routes planned this year for newark. love flying you guys and hope to do so more!
thank you. we'll be in touch! moveaboutthecountry
flight from bwi to isp ready to go! thanks for keeping us warm! frigidfriday
love, love, love this. southwest rocks!! always!!
shout out to the flight crew for taking amazing care of us on our double down flight! thankyou
please do. hate having to fly a different airline. you're my fav.
sure thing
save mile to visit family in and this will impact how many times i can see my mother. i planned and you change the rules
jackpot! legroom
i live in the southwest, imagine dragons is my favorite band, and i met my bestfriends thanks to them. it would be amazing
i love you. air travel doesn't get easier.
received awesome phone help from jim today. helped me switch around flights booked with points.
thank you! i can't wait either :)
sweet!!! glad to hear it. i'll keep you guys in mind next time!
your employees at bwi have been amazing!
thanks for responding.
when are you releasing your flights for september? just found out you fly direct lbb to las! so excited! tripofalifetime
gracias... appreciate that!
was fantastic! that's the best flight service i've ever had.
love imagine dragons so much i eould die if i got tickets
i love imagine dragons o flipping much, pls destinationdragons
i would do anything for tickets to the vegas... anything. i love imagine dragons so much!!
this would be an awesome experience destinationdragons
would be cool if the best airlines company hooked me up with tickets for vegas ;)
appreciate the reply, hopefully those lax agents get the memo. cheers!
it was the usually excellent swa flight!
jason at gate in san made my afternoon!!! southwestairlines stellarservice thanks!
thanks for adding straight flights from columbus to oakland!
i look forward to those direct flights to california to see my family more often. thank you byebyeusairline
your crew on tonight was outstanding. god bless them and the medically trained passengers on board.
the crew of swa a high five from this av- b guy for its nice xw landing into nicely done!
have to be honest, didn't expect a fast response, thank you! off to chiberia we go!
making miracles again! the customer service department gave me by far one of the friendliest phone calls ever. wheelsup
already signed up! thanks! looking forward to trying the southwest experience.
sorry to spam, it would just be so awesome to see in vegas. your help would be absolutely amazing.
thanks for making new direct flight to san francisco.
nvm, gate said they're holding connections. thanks for quick response!
looking forward to the beats music available on my flight today. that's pretty cool.
has some of the best airfare prices! gotta luv them :)
thank you, will do
:( thanks for the opportunity...
truly the best in customerservice. if something goes wrong, no matter how big or small the issue was, they fix it. thank you
you are the easiest airline to deal with.. i loveeee you so much
thank you!
i'm excited too, but perhaps you could scale your excitement back by a few weeks...
me &amp; s are best friends because of any chance we could get tickets to destinationdragons
ceo gary kelly, "we are america's most loved and most flown airline!" southwestrally bwi bestemployees swaculture swapic
thank you! i finally made it to my destination
luvin me some flights today!! don't change!! and please add paypal as payment option!!!
makes flying for fun! flight crew just led the plane in singing happy birthday to one of our guys! luvintheair
i just received your birthday card. it was amazing and made me smile with joy. nice videos. thanks.
thanks heartlanta
thanks for the b day concert i watched them all (and noticed the fist bump high five at the end of the "rock" version)
my boyfriend and i have loved since &amp; it would be so awesome to go to vegas event. any way you can help?
thank you. great tool
you should know the crew today on flight aus to pdx was awesome! swa
i was just sitting here talking at a tech conference about how awesome you guys are and this rolled across. luv you guys! lol
thanks for your attention, i've been flying southwest for years and haven't had this issue in the past.
destinationdragons i'm a huge fan! i would love tix to your show!
now flying non stop cmh-oak has me daydreaming about a trip to the bay...especially in this weather. ohioprobz
yeehaw. you found us another plane. thx for listening to me vent.
this is unbelievable... thank you so much! destinationdragons
amazing c s today by sw thank you so very much. this is the reason we fly you southwest
is the best airline out there no one is better than them onelove southwest bestairline
great cabin and flight crew this morning on a great smile and happy staff are signs of a happy company. thanks.
thank you for always going above and beyond with your customer service!!!!!! favoriteairline luvforsw southwestair
great news for today. finally, columbus' top unserved market will have flights.
again, please accept my apologies for my lame, childish tweet. you didn't deserve that, &amp; i remain a loyal sw customer!
i owe you an apology. my tweet was out of frustration, not constructive criticism. i'm a sw fan &amp; love your service!
thank you!!! bringbacktheluvtordu miami directflights
that would be great. thank you! i'll send it over when you follow.
sw rocks, thanks for the reply and the follow. rebooked earlier flight!
congrats!
well deserved!
i always tell everyone to fly southwest! congratulations!!!
friendliest employees
superb choice swa. i am a raving fan. they even take stress out of weather-relate flightd glitches! custexp
listening center is open seating just like on their planes. ragandisney
oh my god thank you so much!!! i just sent you a dm
thank you for the prompt response. i will email late flightr today.
thanks to i get to go to the destinationdragons show this weekend in utah !!! thankyou
love u southwest. you've always been helpful. when i traveled a lot w my son, infant toddler, u were great!
love flying southwest! best flight attendants ever!
i do like your airlines, congrats!
hi guys good morning how are you doing
southwest is definitely my favorite airline to fly! :d
congratulations!
guess where ashley is. she's doing a great job presenting. ragandisney
thank you for integrating with passbook on ios, it all works so much better now!!!
my birthday is during destinationdragons and im a huge fan- anyway i can get tickets?
thanks to the agent boarding atl-aus. left my wallet on the inbound. he found it for me!
aww thanks!! other than that, love it!
we're here at mco. thanks.
the new logo is going to look amazing on the airplanes
i love you guys! had to take a few other airlines this week...makes me love and appreciate y'all so much more! onlywaytofly
dm sent! thanks so much for responding! your response was so timely, i missed it!
thank you for having flights going out of nashville! you guys rock! disneyprincesshalfmarathon girlsweekend bffs
thx ops agt rich westagard n flight att. nancy den airport.held flight n even saved seat bus select customersfirst!
y'all the real mvp with these prices...
love bridesmaid dancing can't wait for you to fly into puerto vallarta and kick united ass!
looking forward to using passbook when i fly in a few weeks!
fantastic! thank you!
great flight from phoenix to dallas tonight!great service and on time! makes very happy!
amazing view on the approach to lax tonight.
i really appreciate you all's bhm commercial that aired today during bookofnegroes
thanks for replying, i sen't my conf i love aviation and southwest and all i wanted for my th was to fly swa for the day!
thank u for not leaving me nice job running thru the airport to catch your connecting flight
filing it now. thank you for your response.
one heck of an airline
woohoo that just made my day. i looked and just couldn't find that, thank you!
just had a great flight with damion! he was the best damionflight
whoa. thanks and that's what i wanted to hear! early flight coming up. thanks for the reply.
thx fingers crossed they are found.
so far so good!
i'd love to hear them live at this saturday! destinationdragons
that's why i fly y'all, that personalized service
well timed tweet, just boarded and will be listening on my way home!
awesome. thank you!
luckily, the people working the bso at chicago midway have been very attentive and found our bags in punta cana.
pit- gate a big shout out to the lady trying to track him down!
i just had a great experience with your customer service team. thank you! luvsw a-list
is there a way to know who checked my bag on the curb? she was awesome!!! and want to be sure she gets a high five!
thank you for handling this for me. glad southwest cares about what it's flyers think!
love..luv the addition of the passbook option.
thanks for the follow up. so glad to get my bag back.
amazing service by your sw stewardesses! from den to cun and from cun to atl and atl to lax. thank u!
lol i'm sorry i'm just seeing this now but lauren oh my god ahhhh
once or twice a year. hard to get vacation time from work sometimes. but love flying with you guys!
just gave me tickets to see at on saturday. i can't even right now haha. thank you!!!!
we share that value in common. :)
ok we will! thank you!!!
thanks for the follow up. i appreciate it.
:arrived in san juan early. thanks for a great flight. luv u!
thanks, already subscribe and have a rr account. had received a promo code last month but has since expired. any new offers?
thank you kindly.
great job celebrating mardigras you own the industry another reason i'm nuts for you!
just added passbook support to their ios application! finally, i get to add them to my collection.
i'm really craving your pretzels, please send me some.
allows you to change a flight once for no fee, yay! i will always book flights with them. changes you
we are ready to be inspired!
apology accepted! customerservicewin itravelalot
love your tv ad with the girl dancing. makes me laugh every time, and now i want to take a trip! :-)
yes! i did and the bags came straight to my hotel. thank you ...you guys rock!
thank you!!!
oh my gosh
lauren im screaming
lauren omg im dead im so so happy for you yes yes
you're the best
lauren omg best airline ever
holy fuckinf shit
oh my god lauren oh my god oh my god
thank you thank you thank you
oh my gosh seriously?! you just made my day, week, year!!! no one will appreciate this more than me!!!
pleasantly surprised to be boarding my flight on time this morning at good job!
awesome!!! sending now.
thank you!
thank you for your time!
landed in nashville! thanks for taking care of us!
thanks for the info! have a good day.
hey at least you guys are honest with your customers unlike
oh no worries nl, no disappointments here. better to have no lounges than like delta who has them but does disappoint!
thanks for getting me back to nashville. big thanks to the pilots on the out of baltimore. flying in snow landing on ice.
just did last night. thanks for following up. :)
de-icing is important!
thank you for finally making your boarding passes work with passbook
neveind, it's been found and on its way. thanks for making the process so painless
thank you both very much!!
you are the official airlines of divadapouch aka thepoopqueen
once again, i was able to change my flight without any fees... oh and the two free checked bags. best airline ever.
a wonderfully nice agent in austin helped us out. wish i remembered her name to give proper kudos.
hot stewardess flipped me off
flight phi to den was staffed by a great crew. freecomedyshow newlifetimecustomer
has the best customer service!
big thanks to your team. family emerg, same day ticket, experience was excellent. st time flying with yall, not my last!
total win!! happy th bday on intercom, chocolate flight kisses, and a chance to hand out snacks.thank you.
thanks for your excellent response time and assistance! all set :)
got it covered. thanks!
thank you for your help resolving my problem shannon rocks even though rhonda didn't !!
thanks!! we will see what happens!!
glad it was finally resolved too. too bad i can't get a free voucher to go with mine so i can have a friend travel next time!
all good now. going to make it to boston on time. i'm actually on your wifi right now
hey yea i got thru...everything is good now (well, in days when the voucher goes through) appreciate it!
on my flight today from rsw to grr i was able to snag a free sw agent to check for me. it looks like we are (finally) all set.
yeah, we figured it out. thanks.
thanks for the drink tickets hook up! can't wait for my first international flight with you to nas! pumped
hi! i just saw a black history month commercial on tv &amp; im excited! in support of this month,will you all grant me free trip
though i work for another major airline, i love your black history month commercial. i thank you.
black history commercial is really sweet. well done.
much respect!
thank you! thankful feelingtheluv
i got it added thank you! :)
great, thank you. best of luck dealing with this horrible winter.
thank you :-)
thanks for taking care of me today! michele rocked the customer service! gate hou
i did. thank you.
despite mother nature's best efforts, good-humored folks got us home safely in an area heavily affected by winter storms.
awesome thanks!
really appreciate the follow up, i always fly with y'all for a reason!
all pieces were found and safely delivered to our home this afternoon.
thanks. i'll keep checking. i'm trying to book our first disney world vacation.
thank you. i know ya'll can't control the weather. i appreciate ya'll working to get my flight rebooked the last two days.
about time...and just in time for my next flight thursday.
fattuesday great job celebrating mardigras today at atlanta airport. another reason i'm nuts for you!
awwweesssooomee!
amazing customer service as well. will definitely fly with you guys again if my instrument is involved.
your social media team just said "sorry". thankfully submitting a complaint got resolution from an amazing rep who called.
knows whats up! that blackhistorymonth commercial. just another thing to add to reasons why i fly with southwestairlines
your employees were great!
thanks for the reply, something is off with the phones becuz after dropped calls at hours on hold, i got through on ring
thank you for the vouchers after the long wait on the runway saturday night at bwi! i really appreciate it! swfan
jh thank you. i finally got through the second time.
haha, thanks for the explanation
been with my gf for yrs, she's from sf &amp; i live in tulsa. swa always takes me there to see my love! southwestluvsweeps
sent. thanks vp!
thank you so much for stepping up your game and making my day after night of elevator music. much appreciated.
just talking to customer service makes me appreciate you even more! they could learn so much from you!
thanks for the response. was able to get my situation resolved. not a fan of mother nature today. :)
thanks i think we've got it figured out
i got a flight at am on thursday but looking for something tomorrow, anything available?
got it squared away. thank you. i had a man on the inside help me out!
another great flight &amp; crew, las vegas-chicago thanks!
finally got through. thanks!
thanks, got put on the am flight tomorrow. don't have much faith it'll get off the ground tomorrow though.
i love southwest and payton taylor!
no worries. you're doing the best u can. already cancelled flighted my biz trip. still $luv you! -rr
no worries. we got thru eventually. i was just curious. best of luck to you dealing with the weather!
yes. thank you. oct -oct
always when i fly sw. loyalrrmember
thank you, someone finally answered and was able to change my flight that was cancelled flighted bc of ice. thank you for response
thanks a ton!
luv ya too!!!! i will sing a song for y'all when i finally get on that plane back to nashville!!! lovesouthwestair
is having a sale! i'm delighted!
about time! thank you!
finally! integration w passbook is a great valentine gift better then chocolate flight. you do heart me.
you guys are awesome... dontchangeathing luv
karen with customer service was very helpful. thank you for providing one bright spot in a frustrating situation.
and thanks!
its all good. flight eventually took off, and landed safely. oh, and i got the free cup o wine. thx
.AT_USER you've got a mess here at dtw but your staff is doing great.
great job!! looking forward to my next trip being able to use this new feature!
thank you.
outstanding customer service! thank you!
finally!
beautiful, thanks a ton!
thanks do yall expect to be operational tomorrow out of nashville?
nice work on the update!
yesterday on my way from ewr to fll just after take-off. :) wheelsup jetbluesofly
thank you for the information.
great.
flight proud to fly jet blue!
awesome, thanks! on hold now.
what are the chances of actually flying out of charleston today?? cold, rainy weather in the south of all places...
i did see that! working on picking up a trip or two as we type.
thanks for the quick reply! just wanted to make sure it wasn't just my account :)
wouldn't mind paying for the snacks but no for tix :-) great job guys!
here you go... your napkins pretty much say it all!
you don't need to cut services, charge more and give a better flying experience. that's why i use jet blue in the first place
longing to look into the blue eyes. firstlove
you all are the best flyfi ondemand leatherseats hipunis legroom
wow~thx for thinking of us, greg! heard sobewff was amazing! we've heard the same about (ps thx for the info) teamnkh
annnndddd, i just booked my flight. that was easy.
thank you very much!
it will be glowing. your crew and your aircraft sparkled. you guys know about right? might be a good partnership:)
glad you like it. feel free to steal it.
your blue helped bring out the color of my eyes. and i promise i didn't eat all the free snacks.
thanks to you customers like me stay loyal. from check in to landing.
a pulling into the gate as the sunrises here at this morning jetbluesofly jetblue airbus
thx for the quick response .... yep i tried- but it can't find the flight when i input the confirmation
wish everyone felt like you
sounds great! thank you!! :)
was nice to see your veterans advantage program at the gate on sunday mco.keep up the good work at jetblue
thanks. i'm finding lower fares already on other carriers with direct flights. july
boarding the back of the airplane first. like a boss. sosmart jetblue frequentflyerappreciates alsoyayforsnacks
why are you always so amazing! jetblue trueblue
great will do once i land in jfk
haha. ty. do you know what time that lane opens at logan?
after my second call to customer service and the fifth person i talked to, an amazing rep fixed it in about mins! :) persistence
thanks so much!
that makes two of us! lol blushing
happy anniversary!! it's hard to believe you're !! you're so young!
super smooth flight and landing. nicely done.
fyi, i'm onboard comfortably travelling to jfk, seat was no problem as you said. thanks for making flying more civilized!
i like follow
not trying to make you look bad, on your website it says: "due to weather in the charleston, nc" its actually in sc, not nc
btw, thanks for responding quickly!!
you found my camera! thank you! you rock!
stop. please. our fleet's on fleek.
gotcha... thanks for the update. i'm ready to go whenever you are :) enjoy your evening.
well, thankfully they've got a nice food court here...when will an update be posted?
worked now, ty
i would prefer a similar picture but full of e tails, but great shot!
so relieved i'm flying after listening to everyone at the neighboring gate bitch about spirit. my airline's better than yours.
we had great flights into and out of the bahamas, even during the bad weather in the northeast, thanks for the great service!!!
so excited to hear about your move towards international travel from long beach airport!
thanks so much for talking to me! the article about twitter chats came out great! contentmarketing
you guys operate a world class company and for that i thank you
don't show these to larry fedora. our fleet's on fleek.
lolol
shows us their sense of humor with these tongue-in-cheek flight etiquette videos:
true. maybe. wish i had expedited security haha
power moves our fleet's on fleek.
wow, keeping up with the times...
yall tried it. "AT_USER our fleet's on fleek.
i love flying with u, but i have a question, why is one of ur planes called ny jets
very excited, for the first time this sunday, march i get to fly jetblue flight mint from jfk. looking forward :-)
lmfao, i love it
i have a little more time then that..lol. well actually a lot more. days more. but i'm just excited!!
well here we go
hopefully now my application for jetblue donut designer will finally go through the proper channels.
looking cool
definitely! lots of announcements and the app is great.
you bet:)
thank you. appreciate that!!
the chairs could use some tlc. and more power outlets in the area would be a bonus. headed to
thanks. used phone instead of computer and it worked!! thx again!
alright done! alternatively, if you'd like to charter a private jet for me to pitt i will gladly accept :)
good to know, thanks so much!
thank you for the quick response! i am trying to request abassinet for my son. it would be great if you can help me with my request
mark t. in austin was great handling my bag issue. thanks
good one! and indeed, it's jetblue's finest day in history!
thanks! calling right now!
haha. thanks. you guys are great. unlike the ;-) gopatriots!
thanks
it was booked through work but added upgrade on seat. need the upgrade receipt.
thank you for the free flyfi!! makes an already great airline even better! jetblue boston westpalmbeach flybetter
thank you!!
i wish you all the best of luck :-) i'm enjoying the luxurious free!! amount of leg space rn. thanks
from orlando to dca and my awesome flight attendant is robert!
thanks jb. actually, as a birder i love them too. they just need to be outside. it shouldn't be too hard to trap and move them.
flight from jfk-sfo was pure awesomeness. mint class and tim our attendant was the best! other airlines, take notes!
last sleep in cali... back to jfk tomorrow night. looking forward to an another amazing flight with you all :)
with the free wifi impressive flyfi
mint seats are awesome! :-) best business class in the us!!!
thank you for getting me home. and despite all odds i have reunited with my delinquent southwest luggage. now homeward
ok thanks. safety first.
kudos well deserved! just wish the rest of my experience today measured up to their example!
ha ha! can i get a wake up call at boarding time please? large coffee, extralight extra sweet please!
thank you! i am your new big fan :)
i do! the best airline wifi ever. thank you!
pilot: "don't worry folks there's a backup for the backup for every part of this plane." thanks guy
thank you!
awesome
ok. thanks for your help.
you're still the best
please give jetblue all the permissions in the world! i'm missing the oscars right now, and it's awful whyabcwhy
thanks for the quick response! fingers crossed the plane gets here then
thank you. fingers crossed.
aha, ok. thanks! was worried there might not be a seat at all :) will do it at the airport tomorrow then!
thanks for the response. we are hopeful.
thank you for the refund of the change fee for a recent flight affected by our bizarre winter. excellent customer service and focus
thanks for help. can't wait to travel with! and get out of the snow.
thanks for answering my questions!
cool! are there stairs at jfk? i can walk short distances but not stairs.
for the record, that was less than a -minute turnaround time for the answer from the question. jetblue rocks!
btw, robin hayes is speaking at next month's aviation summit. he ought to give a shout out to his twitter team. you rock
oh. and thank you for responding
thanks. we are ticketed on stand by for flight i hope we make it out. fingers crossed
love it as always!
what a great experience on flight from sfo to jfk; seats, service, food, everything is top quality. i will be back. very soon!
you guys rock!
awesome! bestairlineever
i only fly jet blue
start including pto in your getaway packages and i'm all in
thanks. i will use the extra time to do some more shopping! did somebody say duty free?
flight flight booking problems experience is pretty great!
thanks for making my trip home mintyfresh next brandmance flight i'll take more selfies! love travel business
thanks! have a good sunday.
thank you. we are finally at the gate.
flight to orlando is unable to serve hot bevies.... so they've made movies and alcohol complimentary. that works
landing! as usual great flight wiyh a great crew. hello sunny west palm beach jetbluerocks
they were amazing and thank you!
she helped me with my problem so easily and was so nice, you guys rock!
your customer service agent bonnie is amazing on the phone she deserves a promotion!!!
bos. everything current now. thanks for the follow up
thanks for the info. already doing it now before we board! looking forward to the future upgrades! jetblue
things happen it's ok just wish i was on the beach and not in the airport
i love jetblue flyfi when will we be able to charge our devices on domestic a flights?! thanks!
touchdown jfk! well done pilots of jetblue flight jetbluerocks
if i had my tux, it'd be a date! umosaicmecrazy
thanks for the personalized customer service! cannedtweet autoresponse
i knew there was a reason u were my favorite airline. just read you answer on twitter in globe this morning. great job
it's only because i'm wearing truebluecolors!
yup we know, not your fault, just not ideal sittin for over an hour but as always your staff is great!
got it. thanks the quick reply.
had a great experience working with glenn coles at buffalo-niagara airport!! top notch employee
well, the last update was in the right direction, at least! i'll keep my fingers crossed.
thx, social media person!
they miraculously fixed the plane kudos to shoe ever it was
what can i say other than when it comes to my brandloveaffair w ur my soulandinspiration umosaicmecrazy
great service from pbi to hpn! thanks.
done, thank you!
fll to mde, great flight, great customer service, thanks! mths waiting to speak to a human at customer service
okay thank you! i'll check with them again!
they just came out. thanks for the follow-up. that's why you're the best!
thanks! see you soon!
thanks for getting us to nyc -jfk really safely. :-) but srsly? how long does it take to get our checked bags? eternity ammisery
thanks for the response when is the next flight after the flight?
great flight on a brand new jet. great seating. beautiful plane. big fan of this airline.
thank you! i know the weather in boston isn't great. everyone's tired
thank you thank you! i finally set up the jetblue app! yay!
thanks for taking me back home today despite pandora's best efforts to cancelled flight the flight. jetblue backhome noplacelikehome
is amazing. had a short delay. they gave me credit! it was literally pretty much my fault i missed the flight.
thank you
-- the best!!!
thanks for bringing my son home to me.
you got yourselves hot ladies flying the air for life loyal
nothing but praise for you helping our lady make her flight to chs tonight! impressed
thanks so much. can't wait to fly with you guys :)
ok, thank you.
thanks for a speedy flight time recovery.
thank you for taking care of me with a drink since my in-flight entertainment wasn't working goodcustomerservice
would you say a delay is more likely? thanks so much.
i did not! she's a woman who's a lead, she was working at gate c
if you "follow" me, i will be able to dm you. thanks.
i want to give a warm thanks to your crew at logan airport for still getting me to the dc area after cancelled flightlations this morning!
thank you!
he just went above and beyond to be helpful
your employee charles cave at the gate at msy went above and beyond to help try to help me find my glasses. thought u should know
is the best! can't wait to use my travel bank for a fun trip.
just touched down in neworleans for the annual national distributor conference! livethelegend
on the plane now! hopefully no longer at the mercy of the playlist! thanks!
thanks for your prompt response. i know you put safety first. unfortunately will hit freezing rain sleet on ride home.
ok!!! that's super helpful. thank you. i'll reach out if i have any other questions.
thanks for the instant reply, and for still doing first bag free (so important)!
counting on your flight to get to dc!
great flight
you can't beat jetblue in space's matter
great thank you!
good to hear. thx for being responsive.
cool thx! only a couple more pgashow flights til i'm mosaic...can't wait. will be easier to change flights when weathers bad
thanks so much for help us, u r amazing!
kudos! and we're done and heading to warmer weather!
awesome! thank you! ;)
thanks for update
but of course! :-) bestdressed bluecarpet
offered me a complimentary drink for switching seats. stewardess asked for my age &amp; i said we giggled. goodgenes ilookyoung
thanks. still booked our trip lb to slc to see grand kids. just very frustrating. tried app, web, etc. still love u guys!
thank you! i'm excited to fly with you for the first time.
kudos to jetblue social media team for jumping in an helping me out during the last snow storm while web site was down..thanks!!
thanks so much for your condolences and quick response. it is very much appreciated
thank you alicia! exceptionalservice
thanks. i chatted with a nice fella about it and he gave me the lowdown.
mission accomplished: gave a hug
ok thank you for the quick response jetblue still the best comp
im in a session presented by one of your beloved travelers, see why you love him so much
oh definitely. i kind of only fly jetblue.
thanks for getting me to orlando early happiness
got it. thanks
thanks for getting me to boston early for "breaking barriers to a clean energy future"
thanks!
thanks for the complimentary upgrade to first. you are the best!
ah no the staff was perfect this morning at jfk, more sleep for me!! :)
wow, awesome videos guys great work. bluemanity corevalues passion aerojobmarket avgeek
wow what an amazing video great world guys bluemanity corevalues passion aerojobmarket
today my family gets to experience mosaic status w me! lifeisgood
word thanks
smf to jfk!
of course !!!!
thank you
thanks! i'll do it.
love jetblue's speedy twitter customer service.
thanks!
thank you so much for your effort
thanks for letting us know. hoping for no more delays!
thanks!!
thanks for the info... figured that was the case. hopefully my new hashtag will change that ;) abcletjetbluestreamfeed
saved the day:) lost a costumer jetblue makingthingseasy feelbetter
yes! terra blue chips were my favorite. :)
i dm'd my confirmation code... thanks again for your help! mommy, daddy, and kids appreciate it!
cool! "AT_USER we are there and anticipate completing installation on all our a 's this year.
love you guys sooooooo much. ridiculously appreciated! a+ service!
you are officially my favorite, thank you for the wonderful service at jfk
airways corporation (nasdaq:jblu) reaches on new high range ... streetwise report
thanks...
thanks!
looking forward to it when we finally take off.
please come to indianapolis!
okay thanks. hope to be flying with you guys soon!
thanks for your reply. it was flight
who is he i must send a note!!! too good for words!
loving capt joe on our flight from bos to sfo this should be fun!
it was fabulous! very pleased.
u the real mvp
no worries. time flew in the terminal and now we're taking off. thanks again!
messaged you, thanks
i will. thank you!
thanks for the reminder of a few older flights i'd taken and the easy access to add points to my new jb account! awesome service.
ah ha! i misread the end date as being not thanks for clarifying :)
i'll see you on board again soon!
heading to buffalo... trading the cold in boston for colder in buffalo... maybe the caribbean next time?
of course u know i would like lay you down in a bedofroses as long as they're mint colored! brandmance
ooh! good one! speaking of miamore just know that iadore loving lovesongfriday
i love this song &lt; thanks
currently dancing in the terminal. love stevie!
thank you for being jetblue and not jetgreen or jetred. blue is my favorite color! and jet blue makes it better :)
jetblue treated me right as a disabledtraveler thanks for a no hassle flight to
flight booked! heading out to california with the team for on march can't wait! expowest
totally would have.... but the outside view was even more camera ready haha evenmorespace evenmoreview
sent :-) curious to see what kind of comp we get.
thanks for the credit because of the hr delay. i can tell customer service means a lot to you thankful
thank you for always have the most amazing customer service! bring on the disney princess half marathon
i definitely will. thanks!
i'm makingloveoutofnothingatall on my brandloveaffair to lax
hi! just wanted to see if you have any new routes planned this year for newark. love flying you guys and hope to do so more!
oh that totally looks on par with admirals club; any way you can slide us a couple passes? ;)
gr mint crew on flight to lax they're mintalicious truebluelove shelleyandmarcrock travel air
thanks for offering this service, guys!
what can i say, i'm lostinlove w our brandmance wemosaictogether mint love
you guys rock!!
that would be great! i never thought i'd be the sort who'd be into them, but it really makes the flying experience more bearable
thanks to the gent on the phone who fixed my bos-mco flight and the fee waiver! a now :) flyfi i forget her name :(
thanks! hope i don't look like a complainer, i've written of good experiences w you in the past and am making do in terminal :)
success! good work jetblue team
great flight! great view! :-)
beautiful ride. thanks again:)
perfect! probably need some coffee to stay awake during the night ;)
then you better holdon everythingsgonnabealright our brandloveaffair truebluelove travel business
big thanks to ricardo olavarria at reagan airport. fixed our ticket and made sure we made it for our friend's wedding greatservice
really!? that's good to hear! thanks for the update we may make that business meeting after all.
pdx to jfk was suuuuper hot.
love you, bae. jetbae
you definitely will!
you don't remember our date monday night back to nyc? heartbroken
thank you guys! brilliant customer service
great thank you, lets hope so! could you please notify me if flight leaves jfk? thank you again
that is great. but once it gets to buffalo will it be able to leave and get to jfk? or there's issues still at buffalo airport?
my flight attendant angel was awesome. kudos
thank you loyalmosaicmember
awww thank you b glad to hear it! made my day! &amp; one last question do you have any idea what tail is operating flt maro? :)
in the sky on flight from bos to sfo. awesome crew! helene rocks!
i love jet blue!
thank you. i really would have preferred jet blue. you guys have the best seats in the business.
yes thankfully! catering just got here and now they are loading, but very frustrated. i was supposed to be there by
safety first !! lovejetblue
here in austin i saw the water bottles &amp; snacks the desk for your waiting passengers! im so flight booking problems my next flight with you!
no, they're too busy being awesome and trying to get us out asap. i'll deal.
excellent. you guys are the best
although it wasn't totally the answer i was looking for, i appreciate the prompt response.
oh yes! i hope you expand to other airports soon so i can fly you to see my family each year!!!!
but thank you! love, an anxious flyer.
same exact flight too. love jetblue. really want to fly with ya'll. but that's a little pricey for basic (not mint). bos to sfo.
awesome, thanks!
keep going back and forth with being able to board and then not. but great agents in savannah!
that'd be nice! hoping to rack up enough miles to take a trip to seattle and enjoy a perfect latte in the city of coffee.
vegas, san francisco, baltimore, san diego and philadelphia so far! i'm a very frequent business traveler.
you reimbursed everyone on the flight a portion of their ticket. i still love jetblue! best american airline!
jetblue never disappoints
thanks for your help! jetbluesofly
ahoy from a loyal allyoucanjetpass holder! when do you anticipate direct us flights to havana, cuba? (jetblue vacation)
okie doke! knowing you, you will fix this ;)
crisis averted! flight from bos to fll is boarding. let's hope the new pilots aren't clarence oveur and roger murdock. :-)
thanks to julian at login for getting me onto an earlier flight back to dca
not your fault social media awesome people. i know everyone is working hard to get us in our way.
seems a few of my friends speak highly as well. now we just need to find a decent priced way to go from yvr to sea and overnight.
thanks
then en route to the airport the rebooked ticket was refunded.
we made it safe and sound. thank you for the safe travels.
there's just so many choices for y'all south of the border and i know not every airline is equal lowest price != best value. ;)
i love you
utah, i think. and thanks!
thank you!
great flight and crew! flight from bos to mco
that's why i love jetblue! truebluemember life
awesome, thanks! i'll give a call late flightr today. appreciate the help!
thanks!! her th bday is saturday. we're having an aviation themed surprise party for her.
best airline name ever. whenever i see it, i want to get on their plane to blue skies &amp; sea. (and they deliver on that promise)
is gettin fancy! mint lieflat nice work on the menu lobstermac bloodymary jetsetter
you guys are lucky i love you
thank you will do!! you guy are awesome!
no, but we're on the flight leaving from boston to seattle right now. :) flight
definitely!
okay awesome! thank you!
i was so excited when i saw that you fly there! ionlyflyblue
ta off site at thelodge. should be a fun day.
just mine sadly.. but yea the fly fi is awesome
thank you!!
ready to go to disneyworld! for the princesshalf
thank you for the jetblue credit. nice save :-)
bluemanity loves this. have a great time flying this
yes, with about minutes to spare. fyi your employees are amazing. keep up the good work!
oh yeah!!! great flight down to mexico with a wonderful crew!! thank you!!
thanks!
good morning sunshine! tailfinthursday
where's my selfie?
airways reveals 'bluemanity' livery travelpulse
i know you have a lot of baggage... but i want you to know i really enjoyed being inside you. jetbae
thank you so much! i wasn't sure since in know the limit is ozs. excited to fly with jetblue!
hey that's a sexy tattoo you got there on your left engine. jetbae
thanks to o stbernard for taking time to read through page to find info as supervisor felt to insist tho i showed previous comm
jua at jfk 'just ask' desk was incredibly helpful! thanks!
btw, her name was samantha and she won over everyone on the flight
i will! thank you!
u cool
amazingly awesome customer service from your reservation agents tonight. helping correct a mistake. i so love this airline. :)
the th annual martha's vineyard african american film festival august our attendees deserve a great flight to mv??
sparrow love it. they're cute
the best airline in the world
i would go anywhere jetblue goes.
wow you guys answer people wow you care i love jet blue
thanks. i appreciate your prompt response.
good luck. thanks.
if i tell you i like that pick, will that get me that bump to first class? :)
i'll pass along the advice. you guys rock!!
i can't say what airline i am on right now, but i sincerely miss you. bestairline
ok. i'll book jb to jfk then book to ath. thank you.
yes that's true but they are a bit pricey i will look into it further. love you guys.
i flew to san francisco from fort lauderdale with you last year, had a fantastic time so would like to go back
my flyingitforward affects just one small family of four, but it would make a huge difference in their life.
hawaii! get me somewhere warm &amp; i can find some good to do. flyitforward
.AT_USER thx for confirming! again, yr team is awesome. thanks for the prompt &amp; helpful response! cheers to less snow in everyone's future
what a great idea! cometoaustin
just dmed. thanks so much for addressing this so quickly.
aw okay thanks
best seat on a e to board early. ready. set. go!
i'm all set. about to fly. not bad for a first date with a giant metal bird machine. she even brought snacks.
okay. the new screens are laptop-large &amp; real nice &amp; the wifi is appreciated. thanks god for this tiny lil man in the middle seat.
incidentally, sheila at jfk deserves a raise because she's awesome.
thanks. line moved quick. already done.
their names are both angel (seriously how cool is that!). truly fantastic service!
thank you :-)
thanks!
also. emergency exit seats. and that's a huge win.
friendly, engaging, personable, handled clarifying questions about baggage fees well, and took an interest in what i was doing.
the magic eight ball has never steered me wrong :)
will do. thanks!
marks th year with new "bluemanity" plane design sun sentinel
's free wifi on board is the best thing that's happened since sliced bread
beatriz and susan. gate mco.
.AT_USER handled xjared's question like social media pros. good practice for when our transportation systems are all run by friendly ais!
its a wonderful thing!
flight booking problems flights for a dc visit for easter weekend started difficult but ended well with you guys! big fan here. :)
flyfi thank you! seattle and udub here we come!
i know that bar :) wish i was there now!
had a great flight to orlando from hartford a few weeks ago! was great to get out on time and arrive early!
you guys continue to impress. your crew mco gate helped our family with seat issues. professional
anything for you. flyfi
thanks
great flight, as always! thank you to the great crew on flight travel jetblue
you're killing me now. :-) you got me! smitten trueblue
.AT_USER min response time. i'm impressed! i'm in. it's official. :-) trueblue jetblue gets social.
thanks for listening. doesn't mean i don't appreciate you!
thank you for incredible customer svc from gate to flight. mint experience is magic.
thanks next up we will see how the slog from jfk to the city goes!
and a huge thanks to the crew on flight who flew in to dca from sju monday night in the snow so we could have a plane!!!
planning on it! btw, excellent service and crew from dca through sju into sxm!!!!!
why yes, yes it does!!!! great trip down!! thanks for the lift!!!!
hotspot free wifi makes me happy. jfk itsthelittlethings
gorgeous day, hope the flight back tomorrow am is just as pleasant! thanks
it's okay...i'm actually a tea kinda guy anyway. thanks!
this is lovely!
finally taking off! las-fll-sju letsgo
great trip today! thanks to the crew flying us home, they were fantastic!
awe you guys are great can't wait to travel with you again soon!!!
yes! announced we will take off. you're on it! thank you!
also, thanks for your prompt replies. i'm really impressed--and you're not just brushing me off. much appreciated!
it's been a while since i've angry tweeted an airline. apparently you read my mind before i could bitch. thank you for the credit.
valentinesday email was on point &amp; so clever! thanks for being amazing, jetblue! loveisintheair
thank you for help and quick response
big shoutout to the crews on bos&gt;jfk &amp; jfk&gt;roc, &amp; gate crews at c bos &amp; jfk. long day of delays made better by them!
first airline to use applepay in flight airlines
thanks for having us hang out at tampa airport forever today!!! it's really been an awesome experience
no but my friend in the picture phillip heller (jfk ifc) did and he said it was delicious!
awesome thanks! thanks for the quick response. you guys rock! :)
app just reminded me i will be flying to fll in weeks. chillycvz thankgoodness family friends sunshine
i just wanted to say flight attendant fitz was the best tonight on flight bwi bos. great guy and made the flight fantastic!
is definitely my new favorite airline.
i will try that. thanks! if all else fails i will just do the old fashioned method tomorrow morning.
thank you for your excellent customer service resolved issue quickly.
that's great! thank you.
philly lost and read program our customers get hot tea, great crewmembers, top notch info &amp; now books!
and we are glad to see what is going on and fix! please dm me your confirmation so we can check.
will call. thank you!
gary who is serving us at fll airport counter is really true blue! makes me feel at home even when a jetblue flight is delayedl
tried again. lovely customer service. thank you!
so happy you can accommodate peanut treenut allergies on flight! st online cover from air provider
always happy to help!
we have just landed, thank you anyway. btw, flight staff on flight were wonderful despite their full day and heavy load.
ceo battles to appease passengers and wall street
you take to me places simply can't...like non-stop to st. lucia.
this makes me happy. i hope these aren't empty promises.
we don't need anybody else!
thanks!
first base already? i like your style
love traveling with jetblue. cant wait to go to paris oui oui!!! nyc was awesomeee!
thanks!
thank you! i like the quick response on twitter!
this could be the beginning of a bluetiful relationship :) lifeneedsfrosting
haha you're doing everything right! don't change a thing! slash this twitter engagement just makes you even cooler! bestairline
thank you. just sent msg.
thank you for the service credit. and to for positive thoughts.
great thanks
i will. i love flying with you all. great service.
thank you that it is not just a livery; it is a culture that crewmembers embody daily thanksdave
learning about your awesome twitter management today in my social media marketing class! keep up the good work!
bluemanity brought tears to my eyes. jetblue' s commitment to giving back to the crewmembers and the community is aww inspiring!
i like the inflight snacks! i'm flying with you guys on jvmchat
awww ^_^ r to the t, realtime appreciation from jetblue rockingthetweets jvmchat
yes! great real-time example. thanks for being awesome, jetblue! jvmchat
was just at t a little over a month ago. you guys are great thanks for everything!
thank you!
tough choices but i did all simultaneously! as a business traveler, best experience in a long time. wishmyflightwaslonger what
thanks!! great service in t already! lovejetblue
i did...flyfi worked well and was free aboard this flight
seems very likely.
omg! wish i had a flight today! haha there's always next time! have fun at lft
thank you!! miss you all so so much!! is this the link to the blog? or has that changed?
thank you!
to offer service from daytona beach to new york albany business review
no worries. delay was minor and dealt with nicely. it was captain of flight by the way.
thanks! her flight leaves at but she's arriving to the airport early. wedding is in vt in sept. grateful you fly to btv!! :)
we were moved to a delta direct. thank you for the accommodations!
well i did miss it. but gate agents had rebooked boarding pass waiting when i landed. time for lunch &amp; a beverage. easy cheesy
thank you! i will be calling you! cheapoairchat
getting sorted, thanks
thank you!!
great job today from your team with a challenging weather delay on flight out of charlotte. travel friendlyteam
thank you very much.
thanks !!!
i made it- thx.
i'm glad retweeted otherwise you would have to ignore the numerous tweets i sent. you all are fucking amazing
haha no worries you guys are the best! for spelling my name correctly
see you on board tomorrow
waiting on my flight right now, thanks!!
we're back at a gate. opposite of wheels up. im sure we'll get thete eventually. so thanks.
knows customer service!! thank you for starting our week vacay on an amazing note! thank you sarita!!!
excited that i'll be flying from syracuse to interview in dallas on friday for the fa position- this is a goal &amp; dream of mine!
great crew for flight phx to yvr tonight! friendly, efficient. awesome job.
thank you for your empathy there is more to this story than just the luggage but thank you for reaching out
thanks very much! i got thru on the phone &amp; everything is fine. just love the website &amp; app thanks for working on it!
no worries, your flight attendant took care of it.
can you bring guinea pigs in small pet carrier onboard your flights?
good work by flight crew. chairman's recognition even in coach. too many missedupgrades late flightly. what's up with this?
thanks! sent you dm re: baggage issues.
customer service at its best! rachel s. took great care of us at the phx airport.
great management of twitter account. thank you.
it has been found thank you
thank you for resolving the issue. on direct flight to sfo from
ok thanks
i'll check it out when i get to the airport. thanks.
thanks for the reply. on a good note, the pilot nailed the landing. seriously. kudos.
great flights with no delays! thank you!
look out for flying rocks this time! it's a bird it's a plane! nah never mind it's just a rock...
owes tammy from the winston-salem call center for keeping me as a customer!
i made it! thanks for the help!
huge props to parizad at checkin in sacramento for her help on friday to get of us home when other airlines were delayed
shout out to diane at eyw for helping get us home today instead of tomorrow (even if a little late flight!)
made it! just! huge relief thanks for your help!
thanks, i hope so. maybe you can put in a good word for me? ;-)
they were breathing very heavily. but were super helpful. thank you.
okay, great. thank you!
it was customer service like i have never seen before! kudos to your organization.
we called and were able to get rescheduled. thank you for the quick responses today!!
over the phone. i called the number and she picked up almost immediately.
&amp; dfw to psp thank you!
thanks
fyi your customer service rep carol is an absolute delight. so pleasant to with with and rebooked me in lightning speed! thanks!
dominick l. at la guardia airport nyc gives the absolute best customer service! thanku! checking in made easy!
thanks for the information!
couldn't be more thankful to your orf and dca crews on the ground and in the air today for help with a sick kid and a lost bag!
thank you.
your clt baggage crew deserves a kudos. i had to run to make my connection. and my bags still made it! customerservice
thanks!
is alright with me. please give scott f at bdl a bonus for excellent customer service
on a happy note our crew is wonderful. can't say enough great things about our pilot. he's doing all he can for us.
he's fine, he really likes picking his own seat....
thank you. i'll do that next time!
looks like our bag has been rescued. thanks!
since i am a loyal usair customer i am sure that they will make this up to me-right now i want to get home &amp; back to work.
janet &amp; my den-phl flight cancelled flightled saturday, usair rescheduled automatically &amp; notified us by email at no additional cost.
major issues getting out of boston, but your crew has been exceptional. let's see how things roll out in philly.
thanks to the whole team for an on-time flight despite inclement weather
great, thank you!
it's not often that an airline is so easy to work with. i needed to change my flight time and the attendants at mke made my day!
another great flight funflightattendants. thanks for showing my dad wonderful customer service. flt lax phx sundayfunday
thank you for a couple of easy, hassle free flights today, professional and friendly staff made everything easy!
please keep emily at you gso airport ticketing on staff she is amazing
provided the best service for me today! thank you so much :)
despite mechanical issues and many delays followed by a cancelled flightlation, still getting to vegas thanks to great gate agents!
ann marie at lga is the best ticket agent ever! excellentcustomerservice
new f as from dfw to clt this morning did a great job. well done!
painless and effortless flight from indy to phl... our flight attendant, tory, was fantastic. give that lady a raise asap!
thanks to the friendly us airways staff that helped me get booked on various flights to get home today. almost there!
i finally spoke to a person. despite the mind boggling wait time, the rep was very pleasant and very helpful. kudos to her.
mellani b. and whole team in columbia sc are absolute superstars. incredibly helpful.
please thank mellie at cae, tammy in baggage claim at clt excellent customer service day, but i have a complaint.
on re-accommodation number lisa (liza?) in raleigh was very helpful
worked w tiffany h at cust service desk in charlotte and she was helpful and patient. still stuck, but she was great.
good morning.
many thanks for your reply!
job well done from your philly employee running check,in today. (tabitha?) helped us in an emergency &amp; vacation saved!!!
thanks!
ok thank you! very helpful! this is why you're my favorite airline!
thanks guys! got hold of someone. really awesome service i appreciate it :)
first class service on us phl-mco today from the flight attendant in f. i didn't catch her name but she was top notch!
oh well. i'll get to cancun eventually.
eyyyy! cancelled flightlations, flight booking problemss, reflight booking problemss, but y'all got me on the same flight out tonight (not tomorrow) &amp; the fc upgrade. thx!
thank you!!!
i wasnt flying your airline tonight, however a friend was and i was present for her help. i flying united and they could learn.
the plane crew has been as professional and courteous as the gate agents were flustered.
your ticket agents at gate in providence airport rocked tonight, especially kristy, sorry if that is not the correct spelling.
shoutout kristie(sp?) from gate pvd today. she's a rockstar, was a tremendous help in a tough situation. promotethatgirl
thank you for your help today. i have been a loyal us airways customer and i appreciate your responding to my tweets.
an already pleasant flight from london to charlotte (us was made fantastic by an amazing attendant. thank you so much robert!
woohoo! he still has more flight but so happy to hear they're in the air, just about cried! (must be the preggo hormones!) thx!
thank you!!! this whole crew has rocked through bad weather and diversion. pilot keeping us well informed. customerservice
i hope i get the opportunity to join the team with this job opening!
thank you! you have always been so good to me. i will follow up.
no problem he was the only person in the airport who would help :)
thank you! it's from bwi, keep seeing different stats, from delayed to awaiting take off to delayed...
nick on flight was awesome. please reward him in some way!!! he has kept us smiling on a bad day of travel. customerservice
sitting on a plane in philadelphia for over minutes waiting just to get off the plane. great service!
big thank you to your ticketing agent ute v at dulles-washington for outstanding guest service to get me rebooked
i love you guys!!!
can't wait for the trip. thanks for getting me there!
your team member at dca- tamara r. is her name was awesome. you should have more employees like her!
thanks for getting us on ur plane. awesome flight attendant who is making us smile after difficult travel. customerservice
stars aligned. connecting flight was delayed into clt. made it! thanks, glad to know someone is listening. time for â° in mobay!
a big thanks to the gate agent flt ..keeping us informed of the delaygreatcustomerservice
ok. thank you
got it, thanks!
just spoke with a representative. moved my flight earlier. thank you so much for the follow up.
hey guys just want to say i had the best flight ever! thank you so much. i fell asleep and actually had a wet dream.
but don't worry! they found a hotel, it's only min away. i got there around pm, no problem.
kudos to robin at lost found for reuniting me w my ipad. she was delightful to work with!
experience exceptional service from cherry at denverairport. greatservice. professionalism
me too!
you can thank supervisor jeanine and her coworkers for the excellent customer service they provided
yes i did thank you! they did a great job turning the flight in jan
connection made. thanks again this week. daddyshome
thank you
yes thank you. appreciate u checking...
i'm enjoying my flights so far! you're doing a great job. today's been tough, so thanks for making my flights comfortable.
shavon at customer service desk in charlotte was fantastic! so helpful and smiling evn after what sounds like long day.reward her
check-in staff at phx are awesome! great traffic control for general boarding.
just talked to reservation. must congratulation to them. very friendly. good for usair. the only airline we fly.
awesome! flight out of philly on tuesday. party in row if you're interested.
i got through and am able to switch my flight with no charge. thank you
welcome to north texas us air american air employees. housing and education are great opportunities in the gr state of texas
thanks. no dc yet, i see. i will keep that link and check back. appreciate it!
awesome! and yes, is!
melinda in reservations in greensboro nc is an absolute jewel thank her for me she's amazing!!!
best gagent in a long time danny b. for us dfw-clt. appreciated how up to date he kept us during irrops. super professional!
good news, we got fixed.
thank you!
thank you
reservation agent on the phone did a great job.
made it!!! send bloody mary's to row !!!
thanks for helping with reflight booking problems cancelled flightedflight yvonne anthony. you will help us get to tel aviv on time. happyfriday
big thanks to yvonne anthony from the chairman's desk. top tier customer service today. outstanding service &amp; support.
i appreciate your prompt response.
thks us phl to fll. overall st class has improved with more food now on phl to fll and most crews are super.
thank you for refunding me on my baggage really appreciate it
i am so going to miss us airways. you always provided great service and never let me down.
we will...sunday! just a few days away
exicted to be flying with y'all soon !!
fa attendant on phl to pwm tonight was fab! an asset to your team. from f. have a great night team!
we're having grandbabies in weeks -- will travel to dc for the births. thank you for the reasonable fares! see you saturday!
thank you, your fare to from dtw to dca was much lower than and thank you! you won me over!
i know that, thanks. evaluate further ;-) ... -chairman
thanks for getting me rescheduled on a direct flight to nola tonight in minutes--and hopefully an hour earlier getting there!
thank you finally got our bag. customer services reps were wonderful.
flight phx&gt;ord. lead fa bill is the most professional fa i have seen in years of flying usair. i have no ab cards. :-(
no problem. things worked out at airport. thanks!
yes, it's a domestic flight. thank you!
thanks! made it safely!
love the changes in the lounge cheese, veggies, olives in addition to the crackers and snack mix,
thanks. if you have another method also that would be nice. appears to be a design flaw
lol me too
thanks to the gate agent in state college, pa that was able to get me on an earlier flight and figure out an earlier connection!
i just think it's weird to have mileage as
thanks
success made flight please thank the crew of great time recovery
so far so good this week. sav to clt boarded before the departure time (first time in weeks). perhaps an on time departure?!
lilly m in sju check in is fabulous!
that's where we are now. thank you.
tbt every day.
on the dl, send ethan some new pants and some "white revive" laundry tabs. he's a great guy, good crew, he's just, err, single.
thank you for refunding my bag fee. i look forward to its return today i hope.
thank you
kudos to your phone support and charlotte gate staff!
will do :)
thank you. we filled out a claim and hope to have the bags tomorrow.
done :)
captain on flight from phx-phl at tonight was hilarious. "greetings from the pointy end of the airplane" haha thanks!
thank you for fixing my hour delay.
flights in hrs &amp; i've had the same flight attendant for of those flights. freaky coincidence! plus side she's great. :)
landed safely everything worked out.
on sunday! can't wait! see you then
finally rectified my flight situation! thanks again
on time today and from phl! nice work! thereisafirstforeverything
ice cream up front! solid
shout out to the pilots and fc attendant(eliz) of us super strong crosswinds during landing. eliz did a super job throughout
marsha m. at myrtle beach is the greatest! she deserves all the respect and praise there is! thankyouforeverything
we haven't departed yet so let's not get too high hopes. but everything has been on schedule so far
ok thank you we were told ground delay due to snow.
your pple did a great job w the madness however some of your systems need help. i appreciate the hard work &amp; the push to b better
thanks for giving away my seat. another fine job!
thanks.
thanks to betty working gate at ilm and lovely gate agents here in clt helping me get home phx tonight instead of tomorrow
surprisingly quick response time by you and them. thanks!
thanks! can you help remind the agents it's ok? ps. heard rumors of a streaming wifi tv movie service you might be installing
.AT_USER thanks!
she also appreciated having her very own hashtag! :) lucycat
thanks for reaching out to me. my gold div no. k j my flights were changed under confirmation dnx v.
yes and our flight attendant (who is wonderful btw) secured the tray table so it's not flailing about.
thanks for seating me next to hot athletes. this flight is significantly better now!
thank you, busy times.
thanks :)
thanks so much!
still not in the air for deicing of plane. i'll miss connect but customer service was helpful.i'm hoping to catch the next flight
you all work hard at making sure things flow smoothly. keeping positive.
we are boarding now but have yet to depart. thanks for the response.
i totally understand the weather. just frustrated. thanks!
thx to gate agt john pascucci for finding us a flight from clt to pvd after our original one was cancelled flightled
provides you the best logistics experience for people all over india. mumbai surat navimumbai
shout out to the red-headed gate agent for flt from dca to chs at tonight. didn't get her name but she was great!
dude named shaquille at the desk in charlotte was incredibly professional and helpful vs. some crazy angry people tonight
awesome usair, tysvm &lt;
thank you!
that would be lovely! you have great people working in your organization.
tyvm usair, happy night@ &lt;
thanks! it's hectic for everyone but their actions don't represent the company well imo
glad to be home and that your great people got me home safely. sad for others who didn't get back bc of scheduling problems.
will do. i appreciate the response.
thanks to kevin and team at f ish at phl for some great service recovery tonight. appreciate it.
thanks for your help! i left a message for dca lost and found. fingers crossed we find it!
thank you! glad to be heading home! great people at your call center!
thx replying. after trying get thru many times, &amp; v-mail or people hanging up on, us we talked tech...cont'd
ha! you're fun.
flying high thanks!
thanks. it would be better from the gate agent at c in charlotte boarding flight
thanks
with the weather mess in the south, i missed my connection in clt. impressed though with the cust serv phone reps today.
frustrating days!no flights home, changed airlines. thank you phl usairway employees &amp; for help getting me back to iah.
flight thanks.
thank you. and thanks for being so accommodating.
thanks!
sending thanks to employee freddie in phl admiral club a east for allowing me to give a day pass to my sibling stuck there today.
that's why u guys are my choice.
how about a drink voucher for the next flight?? winkwink
nice touch with using my first name. very intimate. i'll be filing a claim soon to be reimbursed. have a us airways day!
after missing my flight and reflight booking problems x, i just walked onto another flight and my phone was still on the seat!!
thanks travis at phl a east checkin for knowing baggage policies. skis &amp; boots count as teach your mgr who didn't know
thank you so much its been a very stressful day
absolutely!! the staff was amazing!!
haha that will indeed be a great day!
thank you! i tried that and they said they didn't have it. anywhere else to try?
customer service at its finest
fabulous thank you so much! looking forward to taking to the skies with you! :)
crew keeping safety top of mind in clt.
will do. hoping for a voucher for a future flight optimistic
thanks
please give tara g a pat on the back and praise. she was very very helpful. she is at phl member lounge
thanks i hope i get to my destination
thanks for the reply, hoping everything is cleared up in charlotte by monday
believe me, i understand. flight was originally booked for sunday. flight was cancelled flighted and rescheduled for today.
thank you!
thanks
i might look into that. my wife travels much more than i do. could we both use the membership?
great, thanks. followed.
this is exactly why ill be flying aa from to dallas! only airline i trust!
got another flight. thanks you
got back eventually! was a rollercoaster. once i got to the airport &amp; got to speak to someone things got fixed very quick.
yes yes yes,so glad to be headed home!
thanks!!
thanks keep me updated just hope i make either of my connections to killeen tx
thanks so much!
aa doesnt charge any fees to change award tickets as long as the origin, destination &amp; award type remains the same
thank you for the confirmation.
aww cool! it's nice to know they are still up above my head then. one of my faves.
continues to win: i've never missed a flight before, but a nice little quiet gate change made it possible. sheesh.
"airport snow removal method ..." keep up the good work folks, this is where cessna's become 's!
great, thanks!
awesome. thanks!
none of the lax flights into dfw have been cancelled flightled. those landing before and after ours are fine. completely arbitrary.
aww thanks aa..dfw was on gma up here this am..so i understand ..btw a.a is my airline when im able to trv..love you guys.:)
new plane, gogo, easy power for laptop, iphone, just missing a good boat-style swivel cup holder for my dietcoke happyflier
just got off the phone customer service. only minutes to get my issue resoled. you guys are awesome.
thanks for the info is there a number i can call to speak to a person? it's going to take an hour to type it out
sounds like a date!
i was happy to purchase the upgrade. if only it was avail on my next flight.
you together are the best part of flying!
thank you.....you do the same!!
hopefully you ll see bad ones as opportunity to get better and not dwell in it... and the good ones as encouragement words!
thank you!
thanks
thank you, you too!
great, thanks. followed.
this is exactly why ill be flying aa from to dallas! only airline i trust!
got another flight. thanks you
got back eventually! was a rollercoaster. once i got to the airport &amp; got to speak to someone things got fixed very quick.
yes yes yes,so glad to be headed home!
thanks!!
thanks keep me updated just hope i make either of my connections to killeen tx
thanks so much!
thank you for the confirmation.
aww cool! it's nice to know they are still up above my head then. one of my faves.
keeping aa up in the air! my crew chief cousin alex espinosa in dfw!
"airport snow removal method ..." keep up the good work folks, this is where cessna's become 's!
great, thanks!
awesome. thanks!
thanks!
aww thanks aa..dfw was on gma up here this am..so i understand ..btw a.a is my airline when im able to trv..love you guys.:)
new plane, gogo, easy power for laptop, iphone, just missing a good boat-style swivel cup holder for my dietcoke happyflier
just got off the phone customer service. only minutes to get my issue resoled. you guys are awesome.
we are off to kax premium. hoping this flight is better food, tv now i know how to work it and service. tnx
sounds like a date!
thanks so much!
nice to read it! thank you very much!
me too!! love living so close so i always have great views!
thanks!
you together are the best part of flying!
guys, let it go.
thanks for sharing these photos! round of applause for your crews! we appreciate all their hard work.
great customer service thanks
i still think american airlines is great...i would just like to be treated better. loyal customers first, right?
if i could fly an md dc i would be so happy i live that plane so much md is love md is life.
happy tt to my friends hope the weather isn't causing you too many headaches.
well have all day and all the time in the world
oh it's nothing my issue was already resolved and i am in the air
kudos to the captain and crew for handling fustrated people while dealing with the preventable issues and shortcomings by maint
thanks for the quick response it's appreciated!
thanks for the update
lets hope it stays that way.big thanks to your ground outside crews all across the us the last month. great fb post yesterday.
my boss is :)
thanks guys got some sleep. hang in there dfw with bad weather.
great thank you
simply amazing. smiles for miles.thank u for my upgrade tomorrow for ord.we are spending a lot of time together next few weeks!
thank you for the quick customer service today. refundprocedurenottoopainful i know that winter weather is not your fault.
thanks for the recommendation. we've been sitting here for minutes, last update was min ago.
although you have no control of the weather, you came through with a great customer service
i wish i could remember all of their names!
thank you aa, this is how i always start my vacations
yes, thank you. just not how i wanted to start my vacation!
thank you for replying. trying to figure out how to get from there from dfw
made it! thanks aa!
why thank you!! yayayay!!
thank you for being so responsive on twitter. truly impressive.
thank you, much appreciated.
mission accomplished today, thank you!
thanks for the great customer service. family made it back to sat safely. the weather at dfw made things a little worrisome.
fantastic thanks! will try and tweet a photo of the view :)
excellent! love you guys! if it is first class i'll hug ya'll! see you shortly!
thanks, have emailed them. how long should i expect for a response?
great job tyr ground crew...now let's get this bird outta here!!! tell flight to wait on me...be there in mikes!
...have you seen blue? go look it up :)
thank you.
thanks! flight today. great crew!
is rising like the sun at dca this morning. members have the best view. avgeek
statement wasn't sent yesterday like jeanine said. after i even called last night as well. again, excellent service
thanks, both airlines said that it is located at aa detroit. also was informed that it flew with aa, which shouldn't matter.
lovely flight back from mia to lhr great crew thanks :-))
but your flight crews &amp; ground crews have handled situation well. texting notification let me catch a few winks during delay.
thx! i hope so. iah to dfw to okc has turned out to be a long trip today and i have to work tomorrow.
thank you! my lost item was located at ord and is being returned to me.
appreciate it!!
i love the admiral clubs! thanks, hey can you follow me?
just curious. thanks for the response as always, good or bad. better than your competition.
thanks!
thanks you always be my airline of choice when possible
attended to and corrected my complaints via twitter. whoa. this is the brave, new world we live in. thank you, american air :)
i really would love to experience first class on that plane,looks stunning!
i love the service and cheap upgrades american provides! one of the best airlines ever! good food, good seats, amazing thanks!
you will!! every chance i get! thanks for keeping me exec platinum.
i found my footage!! :d i am so so happy.
not surprised that you were the fastest responding us brand on twitter for q q also th fastest in the world in q
thank you
no apology necessary. it was wind and i was on delta. xoxo
thank you
joanne from your san diego staff was phenomenal! give that girl a raise. she handled our flightnightmare better than anyone.
thanks to aa dart for getting me home in time for work this morning den-dfw... didn't have to waste a vaca day
glad to hear that there were no serious injuries in the minor crash this evening.
no space in my seat but thanks to your pilots i'm back mn early to ohare!! didn't think that was possible!! sna ord
just followed you.
keep it up :)
i've just received the ticket. thank you for your help
thanks
tpa ord!!! aa another successful journey, thanks for the hospitality!
thank you for the response. much appreciated!
thanks. i actually made it, my connection flight was delayed. guess all delays are not a bad thing.
still thinking, those pjs may have me sold we'd love to have you on board with us! here i come
thanks!
the folks at the executive platinum desk are great pros. they understand my displeasure with change fees and switch to sw.
he thanks you. anything you can do to help. would any further information help in the process?
despite the inconvenience, the situation was handled quickly and we appreciate it very much!
absolutely!
just received it, actually. thank you!!!!!!!!!
thanks, me too
everything for sorted out. thanks for the help. excited to get home tonight!
keep up the good work. got me to my destination safe and on time today
lady at b abq for on was of a great service to all among several cancelled flightlations
thanks for following up- it finally worked!! fingers crossed the new flight works.
was not on board you today just watched report unfold on twitter but still am very proud!
thank you for the response, we got it resolved at the counter.
no kidding! gonna take some beating on the apron... and there are some good lookin' planes out there!
thanks to aa for the upgrade today and getting me on a new flight after my first one was cancelled flightled!
first ride on new with new interior and in seat video. nice improvement! newplanesmell
flight for tomorrow was cancelled flightled. new one booked. seats taken care of. just a tweet to commend you all on the service. thanks!
yes, it says it should be deliver within hours after pick up line.
delaney and shawn at dfw showed exceptional customer service today. will happily choose aa whenever possible now! thank you!
thanks... i finally got through this afternoon. :)
aateam thanks for working in very rigorous weather conditions for all
thanks, i'll look forward to the response.
thank you, truly appreciate the help, just sent a dm
thank you so much.
thank you for the assistance
chicago seen from seat a, aa so far a great ride! on to pdx!
thanks. delivery status??
hey becky piela at the orange county airport has been really kind and helpful with rescheduling our flight!
thank you!!!! i will be there to pick her up on time.
well, you guys are totally kicking a million pounds of ass. bar none, the best sm team in the airline industry in my opinion.
thanks
thank you. they are processing my refund.
thanks for asking on second plane after maintenance issue, for flight from ord to lit. sitting at gate in very very warm plane
great job and great service in and out of sdf this weekend during the winter storm.
welcome anyone who works in those conditions deserves a thank you even though i am other side of atlantic lol xx
thanks gang! mind if i ask, do you handle all of your social media in house?
yes i have. thanks
i got a new reservation for tomorrow. thanks!
dollar ticket to chicago? yes, please!
let's all have a extraordinary week and make it a year to remember goingforgreat thanks so much american airlines!!!
thx, just sent the dm
kudos to the crew of flt today. specially to carlton. loved your new keep up the good work aa!
thank you. it's much appreciated. we have been on the plane for min now at the gate.
all of the nicest people in the world work at admiral's clubs. gladys in san juan es mi amiga
i love very much your planes, can you please follow me back? it's an amazing bussines!
sfo. natt (the agent who helped me) really did an awesome job.
thanks!
well done all of you xx
thanks. having issues checking in for flight, please check our dm convo for more info.
my father loved working for you as well as panam
cxl flight. rebooked pax no problems. thank you and everyone at aa for helping us all out!
thanks for keeping us safe
my pleasure, next aa flight this wednesday to milan, italy for -- see you then! :)
thank you for all the help! :p you guys are the best. americanairlines americanair
exceptional customer service from aa my misplaced item was waiting for me at checkin followed by a smooth flight. thank you!
thanks.....
will award me air miles!!! yes i am going to take a vacation! thanksamericanairlines
sure, thank you!
f-a-n-t-a-s-t-i-c!! thanks again for coming thru with great customer service!
.AT_USER it's really the small things--the details--that make an excellent experience or a really irritating one.
thanks! great stuff! i can only imagine how jammed everything is.
yay, thanks! appreciate the help, i know it's nuts right now with the cold and ice!
thank you.
thanks! a response is better than nothing at all {ahem,
those were snacks we left on purpose for your team. :) for being so helpful this morning at the desk and on the phone!
gotta love those skycaps, solving problems faster than anyone else in the terminal. and they did it with a smile on their face
thank you for responding rather quickly btw
ok thank you!
thank you! cc:
thank you for not cancelled flighting all flights and putting my husbands life in danger driving in this weather. safetyfirst
finally called! can't get met seattle so refund will be processed. thanks
awesome flight this morning on aa awesome crew and even landed early!
huge thanks for fixing our flights! appreciate the customer service. now if only i could get seats assigned: me next to my wife
thanks hoping that by wed i can get back to dfw
will do. appreciate the replies though.
although there was a hour delay every single staff member from the ticket desk to the admirals club in was as sweet as pie
kudos to ticket agents for for making passengers check bags that are too big to fit in overhead.
thanks to jacqueline in clt for cleaning up and mess!!! awesome service
thanks for responding ... will do!
ok thank you. what if i can't get a hold of someone to get a new flight?
thank you so much that helps a lot.
thank you!
in miami and the agents rachel wong and marisol pimentel were very pleasant in a world of chaos a big .thank u
no apologies required. i made it home safe thanks to you! kudos to aa!
no worries, loved flying with you guys. thanks!
would also like say kind move on adding the points
ok, i just received an email with my registration from your team. thanks a lot
not necessary. i am confident the excellent in-flight staff will make the appropriate report.
thank you for doing the best you could to get me rebooked. agent on phone &amp; addtl resolution on dm was very much appreciated.
karen riedel is a rock star employee and a miracle worker. i really appreciated her help this morning!
thank you!
i love american airlines :d
v nice of you to give me a breakfast voucher for in an airport. that almost got me a whole drink!!
eventually the call got through. not sure what changed. thank you a lot though!
thanks :-) good to be back safely. see you again soon!
thanks guys, you got it. i'm heading to milan on wednesday, so big week with the aa family :)
thanks. they did not charge anything in the end so all is good.
wonderful fc fa on flight pre dawn! nice start to the day!
yep, was in one of my other camera memory card :d
thanks for the champagne aa ord-nrt to celebrate my tokyomarathon finish!
whoooo hooooo just crossed !!! at my current pace i should reach for the year.
thanks for following up. i think it's fair to refund the ticket price and the two one way rental cars i had to buy.
understood. thanks anyway
i was on today to yyz. i had a bit of a bag issue that was cleared up beautifully. thank you to all of the check in
gate agent jan l at phoenix was at least able to get my younger daughter seated near my wife. thank you!
you're my early frontrunner for best airline! oscars
all good! i'm catching the p flight tonight. thanks for the response.
joanna did a wonderful job! thank her for me?
thanks! are they really open am pm every day? any way to check they are open before going all the way there? thanks.
thanx for replying. dm sent
thanks
got my bags this morning! thanks!
joanna is wonderful, new flight booked by a very friendly and helpful agent during a very stressful day! thank you!
ok no worries. thanks for the straight story. it's appreciated.
wow that's helpful.
we made it so no worries... you guys did good tonight and even put on my flight firstclass
you have a lot on your plate flight dealing with cancelled flightlations and weather tonite. those are more important. i know you will respond.
americanview sweet home chicago
ltaljx, from dca to oma this morning. all of the staff that helped me fix my problem were so helpful. goodthingscome thanks
yes, thanks for checking. very cramped, but got on &amp; made it safely. flying back tomorrow at pm.
great flight experience again... sfo-jfk... dare i say it? a consistent high quality on a legacy airline? keep it up guys!
great thank you.
americanview new paint scheme looks great! usairways
thank you for the update!
shout-out to all the ground crews working in the cold! thanks for what y'all do. (&amp; social media team for customer service)
i fortunately was not on that flight just in the same waiting area impressed w how he handled the stressful situation
thanks to marie for reflight booking problems me and my friends!!! i'm cali bound thanks to this sweet angel! blessed
hats off to admiral lounge attendant yyz terminal who gave her banana to our toddler when none avail elsewhere.
i tried that. they won't book us with another airline. i wish i had flown with you! we are now stuck in fl til weds.
i'm booked for tuesday night. degrees in alabama right now. i'm good. stay warm and safe.
thanks for the reply, but a functioning plane four hours ago was the only way to do that. the staff was friendly, tho.
thank you for sending more details they're pretty handy dandy. more info here: lookforwardtoflywithaa
good luck at dfw this evening aa!
awesome customer service on from rdu. they snuck my wife a warm cookie. thx!
thanks to fa shawn for spectacular service on flt lhrdfw and to fa susan for such a warm engaging onboard welcome
i ended up on a flight to la my fourth time on standby. thanks!
that's ok, thanks for letting me know. appreciate all the responses.
no worries even though i was talking about seat assignment :)
great seats on this aircraft!
done!! thank you so much!!
everything's good now brothaaaaaa
it was coming and next catching home to dca. let's get another great leg too tonight!
i appreciate your apology. sincerely. thank you. that's really all i ever wanted to begin with.
versus in customer service? who will win! for me is a convenience to a trip to cali &lt;
ok, thanks you! have a great night aa team!
pretty impressed with the in flight entertainment. full touch, usable, smooth, good selection.
i'm great thanks keep up the good work
shoutout to the agent on duty now gate b abq outstanding customer service w delayed flt
thank you. good suggestion. i checked and we were not rebooked. we'll keep checking and looking for other flights
hmm. looks like you looked at my tweet from last month, not this one. was able to get u.k. agent to help me, thanks.
thank you! you will see me :)
haha i had a boarding pass for b, was boarding the plane and the gate agent told me to go to g. i'm here now. no worries.
awesome! thx
got us to lga safely. thanks for taking the time to make the plane safe before flying!
just landed crew couldn't have been more gracious or accommodating. although a long delay i appreciate your prompt response!
flights have been on time late flightly though!
i would like to thank the customer service team for their response to my cancelled flightled flight but just offering to (cont)
rdu customer service is awesome. thanks! give em all bonuses.
i'm flying with your competitor today, starts with an u and ends with d. i will never make that mistake again. americanforlife
always enjoy my time. now on the plane to dfw!
aa on time and awesome flight. great job american!
always love opening the upgrade email.
flight dallas to grand junction amazingflightcrew
fantastic support by the twitter team. i appreciate it. thanks again.
appreciate update. have also appreciated our pilots effort to explain to us just now. accurate, authoritative comms is vital.
greatest newark gate agents ever: david deane, norma sedholm and luz calderon just made me feel like a king. americanairlines
my return flight is scheduled on wednesday; aa i believe. thanks for the help!
mad love nyc-
thanks for forcing me to check -in my carry on luggage. that is exactly why i spent extra money on "travel size" toiletries
eliza &amp; i cheated on u with &amp; it was a lovely flight. but we'll be back! lots!
i hope you like the photo :)
thank you.....you do the same!!
thank you for quick responses. aa usually has fantastic customer service. that's why i was so shocked when it wasn't there
dming you now! big thanks.
i love your company and your staff is amazing. they just made an uncomfortable situation comfortable
love the new planes for the jfk-lax run. maybe one day i will be on one where the amenities all function. nocharge ever
flight was great. fantastic cabin crew. a+ landing. thankyou jfk
thanks! he is.
thank you we got on a different flight to chicago.
